udm\_add\_search\_limit
=======================

Add various search limits

### 说明

<span class="type">bool</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_add\_search\_limit</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$var`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$val`</span>
)

<span class="function">udm\_add\_search\_limit</span> adds search
restrictions.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

`var`  
Defines the parameter, indicating limits. Possible `var` values:

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_LIMIT_URL`** - defines document URL
    limitations to limit the search through subsection of the database.
    It supports SQL % and \_ LIKE wildcards, where % matches any number
    of characters, even zero characters, and \_ matches exactly one
    character. E.g. http://www.example.\_\_\_/catalog may stand for
    http://www.example.com/catalog and http://www.example.net/catalog.
    </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_LIMIT_TAG`** - defines site TAG
    limitations. In indexer-conf you can assign specific TAGs to various
    sites and parts of a site. Tags in mnoGoSearch 3.1.x are lines, that
    may contain metasymbols % and \_. Metasymbols allow searching among
    groups of tags. E.g. there are links with tags ABCD and ABCE, and
    search restriction is by ABC\_ - the search will be made among both
    of the tags. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_LIMIT_LANG`** - defines document
    language limitations. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_LIMIT_CAT`** - defines document
    category limitations. Categories are similar to tag feature, but
    nested. So you can have one category inside another and so on. You
    have to use two characters for each level. Use a hex number going
    from 0-F or a 36 base number going from 0-Z. Therefore a top-level
    category like 'Auto' would be 01. If it has a subcategory like
    'Ford', then it would be 01 (the parent category) and then 'Ford'
    which we will give 01. Put those together and you get 0101. If
    'Auto' had another subcategory named 'VW', then it's id would be 01
    because it belongs to the 'Ford' category and then 02 because it's
    the next category. So it's id would be 0102. If VW had a sub
    category called 'Engine' then it's id would start at 01 again and it
    would get the 'VW' id 02 and 'Auto' id of 01, making it 010201. If
    you want to search for sites under that category then you pass it
    cat=010201 in the URL. </span>

-   **`UDM_LIMIT_DATE`** - defines limitation by date the document was
    modified.

    Format of parameter value: a string with first character \< or \>,
    then with no space - date in unixtime format, for example:

    ``` php
    <?php
    udm_add_search_limit($udm, UDM_LIMIT_DATE, "&lt;908012006");
    ?>
    ```

    If \> character is used, then the search will be restricted to those
    documents having a modification date greater than entered, if \<,
    then smaller.

`val`  
Defines the value of the current parameter.

### 返回值

成功时返回 **`TRUE`**， 或者在失败时返回 **`FALSE`**。

udm\_alloc\_agent\_array
========================

Allocate mnoGoSearch session

### 说明

<span class="type">resource</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_alloc\_agent\_array</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span> `$databases`</span>
)

<span class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent\_array</span> will create an
agent with multiple database connections.

### 参数

`databases`  
The array `databases` must contain one database URL per element, analog
to the first parameter of <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

### 返回值

Returns a resource link identifier on success 或者在失败时返回
**`FALSE`**.

### 参见

-   <span class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>

udm\_alloc\_agent
=================

Allocate mnoGoSearch session

### 说明

<span class="type">resource</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_alloc\_agent</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$dbaddr`</span>
\[, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$dbmode`</span> \] )

Allocate a mnoGoSearch session.

### 参数

`dbaddr`  
`dbaddr` - URL-style database description, with options (type, host,
database name, port, user and password) to connect to SQL database. Do
not matter for built-in text files support. Format for `dbaddr`:
*DBType:\[//\[DBUser\[:DBPass\]@\]DBHost\[:DBPort\]\]/DBName/*.
Currently supported DBType values are: mysql, pgsql, msql, solid, mssql,
oracle, and ibase. Actually, it does not matter for native libraries
support, but ODBC users should specify one of the supported values. If
your database type is not supported, you may use *unknown* instead.

`dbmode`  
`dbmode` - You may select the SQL database mode of words storage.
Possible values of `dbmode` are: *single*, *multi*, *crc*, or
*crc-multi*. When *single* is specified, all words are stored in the
same table. If *multi* is selected, words will be located in different
tables depending of their lengths. "multi" mode is usually faster, but
requires more tables in the database. If "crc" mode is selected,
mnoGoSearch will store 32 bit integer word IDs calculated by CRC32
algorithm instead of words. This mode requires less disk space and it is
faster comparing with "single" and "multi" modes. *crc-multi* uses the
same storage structure with the "crc" mode, but also stores words in
different tables depending on words lengths like in "multi" mode.

> **Note**:
>
> `dbaddr` and `dbmode` must match those used during indexing.

### 返回值

Returns a mnogosearch agent identifier on success, **`FALSE`** on
failure. This function creates a session with database parameters.

### 注释

> **Note**:
>
> In fact this function does not open a connection to the database and
> thus does not check the entered login and password. Establishing a
> connection to the database and login/password verification is done by
> <span class="function">udm\_find</span>.

udm\_api\_version
=================

Get mnoGoSearch API version

### 说明

<span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_api\_version</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the mnoGoSearch API version.

This function allows the user to identify which API functions are
available, e.g. <span class="function">udm\_get\_doc\_count</span>
function is only available in mnoGoSearch 3.1.11 or later.

### 返回值

<span class="function">udm\_api\_version</span> returns the mnoGoSearch
API version number. E.g. if mnoGoSearch 3.1.10 API is used, this
function will return *30110*.

### 范例

**示例 \#1 <span class="function">udm\_api\_version</span> example**

``` php
<?php
if (udm_api_version() >= 30111) {
    echo  "Total number of URLs in database: " . udm_get_doc_count($udm) . "<br />\n";
}
?>
```

udm\_cat\_list
==============

Get all the categories on the same level with the current one

### 说明

<span class="type">array</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_cat\_list</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$category`</span> )

Gets all the categories on the same level with the current one.

The function can be useful for developing categories tree browser.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

`category`  

### 返回值

Returns an array listing all categories of the same level as the current
`category` in the categories tree.

The returned array consists of pairs. Elements with even index numbers
contain the category paths, odd elements contain the corresponding
category names.

``` returnvalues
$array[0] will contain '020300'
  $array[1] will contain 'Audi'
  $array[2] will contain '020301'
  $array[3] will contain 'BMW'
  $array[4] will contain '020302'
  $array[5] will contain 'Opel'
  ...
 etc.
```

### 范例

Following is an example of displaying links of the current level in
format:

``` examples
Audi
  BMW
  Opel
  ...
```

**示例 \#1 <span class="function">udm\_cat\_list</span>example**

``` php
<?php
 $cat_list_arr = udm_cat_list($udm_agent, $cat);
 $cat_list = '';
 for ($i=0; $i<count($cat_list_arr); $i+=2) {
    $path = $cat_list_arr[$i];
    $name = $cat_list_arr[$i+1];
    $cat_list .= "<a href=\"$_SERVER[PHP_SELF]?cat=$path\">$name</a><br />";
 }
?>
```

### 参见

-   <span class="function">udm\_cat\_path</span>

udm\_cat\_path
==============

Get the path to the current category

### 说明

<span class="type">array</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_cat\_path</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$category`</span> )

Returns an array describing the path in the categories tree from the
tree root to the current one, specified by `category`.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

`category`  

### 返回值

The returned array consists of pairs. Elements with even index numbers
contain the category paths, odd elements contain the corresponding
category names.

For example, the call *$array=udm\_cat\_path($agent, '02031D');* may
return the following array:

     $array[0] will contain ''
     $array[1] will contain 'Root'
     $array[2] will contain '02'
     $array[3] will contain 'Sport'
     $array[4] will contain '0203'
     $array[5] will contain 'Auto'
     $array[4] will contain '02031D'
     $array[5] will contain 'Ferrari'

### 范例

**示例 \#1 Specifying path to the current category in the following
format: '\> Root \> Sport \> Auto \> Ferrari'**

``` php
<?php
  $cat_path_arr = udm_cat_path($udm_agent, $cat);
  $cat_path = '';
  for ($i=0; $i<count($cat_path_arr); $i+=2) {
    $path = $cat_path_arr[$i];
    $name = $cat_path_arr[$i+1];
    $cat_path .= " > <a href=\"$_SERVER[PHP_SELF]?cat=$path\">$name</a> ";
  }
?>
```

### 参见

-   <span class="function">udm\_cat\_list</span>

udm\_check\_charset
===================

Check if the given charset is known to mnogosearch

### 说明

<span class="type">bool</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_check\_charset</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$charset`</span> )

**Warning**

本函数还未编写文档，仅有参数列表。

udm\_clear\_search\_limits
==========================

Clear all mnoGoSearch search restrictions

### 说明

<span class="type">bool</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_clear\_search\_limits</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> )

<span class="function">udm\_clear\_search\_limits</span> resets defined
search limitations.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

### 返回值

Returns **`TRUE`**.

### 参见

-   <span class="function">udm\_add\_search\_limit</span>

udm\_crc32
==========

Return CRC32 checksum of given string

### 说明

<span class="type">int</span> <span class="methodname">udm\_crc32</span>
( <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span>
`$agent`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">string</span> `$str`</span> )

**Warning**

本函数还未编写文档，仅有参数列表。

udm\_errno
==========

Get mnoGoSearch error number

### 说明

<span class="type">int</span> <span class="methodname">udm\_errno</span>
( <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span>
`$agent`</span> )

Receiving numeric agent error code.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

### 返回值

Returns the mnoGoSearch error number, zero if no error.

udm\_error
==========

Get mnoGoSearch error message

### 说明

<span class="type">string</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_error</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> )

Gets the agent error message.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

### 返回值

<span class="function">udm\_error</span> returns mnoGoSearch error
message, empty string if no error.

udm\_find
=========

Perform search

### 说明

<span class="type">resource</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_find</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$query`</span> )

Performs a search.

The search itself. The first argument - session, the next one - query
itself. To find something just type words you want to find and press
SUBMIT button. For example, "mysql odbc". You should not use quotes " in
query, they are written here only to divide a query from other text.
mnoGoSearch will find all documents that contain word "mysql" and/or
word "odbc". Best documents having bigger weights will be displayed
first. If you use search mode ALL, search will return documents that
contain both (or more) words you entered. In case you use mode ANY, the
search will return list of documents that contain any of the words you
entered. If you want more advanced results you may use query language.
You should select "bool" match mode in the search from.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

`query`  
mnoGoSearch understands the following boolean operators:

& - logical AND. For example, "mysql & odbc". mnoGoSearch will find any
URLs that contain both "mysql" and "odbc".

\| - logical OR. For example "mysql\|odbc". mnoGoSearch will find any
URLs, that contain word "mysql" or word "odbc".

\~ - logical NOT. For example "mysql & \~odbc". mnoGoSearch will find
URLs that contain word "mysql" and do not contain word "odbc" at the
same time. Note that \~ just excludes given word from results. Query
"\~odbc" will find nothing!

() - group command to compose more complex queries. For example "(mysql
\| msql) & \~postgres". Query language is simple and powerful at the
same time. Just consider query as usual boolean expression.

### 返回值

Returns a result link identifier on success 或者在失败时返回
**`FALSE`**.

udm\_free\_agent
================

Free mnoGoSearch session

### 说明

<span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_free\_agent</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> )

Freeing up memory allocated for agent session.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

### 返回值

成功时返回 **`TRUE`**， 或者在失败时返回 **`FALSE`**。

udm\_free\_ispell\_data
=======================

Free memory allocated for ispell data

### 说明

<span class="type">bool</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_free\_ispell\_data</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$agent`</span> )

Frees the memory allocated for ispell data.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

### 返回值

<span class="function">udm\_free\_ispell\_data</span> always returns
**`TRUE`**.

### 注释

> **Note**:
>
> This function is supported beginning from version 3.1.12 of
> mnoGoSearch and it does not do anything in previous versions.

udm\_free\_res
==============

Free mnoGoSearch result

### 说明

<span class="type">bool</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_free\_res</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$res`</span> )

Freeing up memory allocated for results.

### 参数

`res`  
A link to a result identifier, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_find</span>.

### 返回值

成功时返回 **`TRUE`**， 或者在失败时返回 **`FALSE`**。

udm\_get\_doc\_count
====================

Get total number of documents in database

### 说明

<span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_get\_doc\_count</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> )

<span class="function">udm\_get\_doc\_count</span> returns the number of
documents in the database.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

### 返回值

Returns the number of documents.

### 注释

> **Note**:
>
> This function is supported only in mnoGoSearch 3.1.11 or later.

udm\_get\_res\_field
====================

Fetch a result field

### 说明

<span class="type">string</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_get\_res\_field</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$res`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$row`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$field`</span>
)

Fetch a mnoGoSearch result field.

### 参数

`res`  
`res` - a link to result identifier, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_find</span>.

`row`  
`row` - the number of the link on the current page. May have values from
0 to `UDM_PARAM_NUM_ROWS-1`.

`field`  
`field` - field identifier, may have the following values:

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_URL`** - document URL field
    </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_CONTENT`** - document
    *Content-type* field (for example, *text/html*). </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_CATEGORY`** - document category
    field. Use <span class="function">udm\_cat\_path</span> to get full
    path to current category from the categories tree root. (This
    parameter is available only in PHP 4.0.6 or later). </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_TITLE`** - document title field.
    </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_KEYWORDS`** - document keywords
    field (from META KEYWORDS tag). </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_DESC`** - document description
    field (from META DESCRIPTION tag). </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_TEXT`** - document body text
    (the first couple of lines to give an idea of what the document is
    about). </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_SIZE`** - document size. </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_URLID`** - unique URL ID of the
    link. </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_RATING`** - page rating (as
    calculated by mnoGoSearch). </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_MODIFIED`** - last-modified
    field in unixtime format. </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_ORDER`** - the number of the
    current document in set of found documents. </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_FIELD_CRC`** - document CRC. </span>

### 返回值

<span class="function">udm\_get\_res\_field</span> returns result field
value on success, **`FALSE`** on error.

udm\_get\_res\_param
====================

Get mnoGoSearch result parameters

### 说明

<span class="type">string</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_get\_res\_param</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$res`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$param`</span>
)

Gets the mnoGoSearch result parameters.

### 参数

`res`  
`res` - a link to result identifier, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_find</span>.

`param`  
`param` - parameter identifier, may have the following values:

-   <span class="simpara"> UDM\_PARAM\_NUM\_ROWS - number of received
    found links on the current page. It is equal to
    UDM\_PARAM\_PAGE\_SIZE for all search pages, on the last page - the
    rest of links. </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> UDM\_PARAM\_FOUND - total number of results
    matching the query. </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> UDM\_PARAM\_WORDINFO - information on the
    words found. E.g. search for "a good book" will return "a: stopword,
    good:5637, book: 120" </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> UDM\_PARAM\_SEARCHTIME - search time in
    seconds. </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> UDM\_PARAM\_FIRST\_DOC - the number of the
    first document displayed on current page. </span>
-   <span class="simpara"> UDM\_PARAM\_LAST\_DOC - the number of the
    last document displayed on current page. </span>

### 返回值

<span class="function">udm\_get\_res\_param</span> returns result
parameter value on success, **`FALSE`** on error.

udm\_hash32
===========

Return Hash32 checksum of given string

### 说明

<span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_hash32</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$str`</span> )

<span class="function">udm\_hash32</span> will take a string `str` and
return a quite unique 32-bit hash number from it.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

`str`  
The input string.

### 返回值

Returns a 32-bit hash number.

### 参见

-   <span class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>

udm\_load\_ispell\_data
=======================

Load ispell data

### 说明

<span class="type">bool</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_load\_ispell\_data</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$var`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$val1`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">string</span> `$val2`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$flag`</span> )

<span class="function">udm\_load\_ispell\_data</span> loads ispell data.

After using this function to free memory allocated for ispell data,
please use <span class="function">udm\_free\_ispell\_data</span>, even
if you use **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SERVER`** mode.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

`var`  
Indicates the source for ispell data. May have the following values:

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_DB`** - indicates that
    ispell data should be loaded from SQL. In this case, parameters
    `val1` and `val2` are ignored and should be left blank. `flag`
    should be equal to *1*. </span>

    > **Note**:
    >
    > `flag` indicates that after loading ispell data from defined
    > source it should be sorted (it is necessary for correct
    > functioning of ispell). In case of loading ispell data from files
    > there may be several calls to <span
    > class="function">udm\_load\_ispell\_data</span>, and there is no
    > sense to sort data after every call, but only after the last one.
    > Since in db mode all the data is loaded by one call, this
    > parameter should have the value *1*. In this mode in case of
    > error, e.g. if ispell tables are absent, the function will return
    > **`FALSE`** and code and error message will be accessible through
    > <span class="function">udm\_error</span> and <span
    > class="function">udm\_errno</span>.

-   **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_AFFIX`** - indicates that ispell data should be
    loaded from file and initiates loading affixes file. In this case
    `val1` defines double letter language code for which affixes are
    loaded, and `val2` - file path. Please note, that if a relative path
    entered, the module looks for the file not in **`UDM_CONF_DIR`**,
    but in relation to current path, i.e. to the path where the script
    is executed. In case of error in this mode, e.g. if file is absent,
    the function will return **`FALSE`**, and an error message will be
    displayed. Error message text cannot be accessed through <span
    class="function">udm\_error</span> and <span
    class="function">udm\_errno</span>, since those functions can only
    return messages associated with SQL. Please, see `flag` parameter
    description in **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_DB`**.

    **示例 \#1 <span class="function">udm\_load\_ispell\_data</span>
    example**

    ``` php
    <?php
    if ((! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_AFFIX, 'en', '/opt/ispell/en.aff', 0)) ||
        (! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_AFFIX, 'ru', '/opt/ispell/ru.aff', 0)) ||
        (! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SPELL, 'en', '/opt/ispell/en.dict', 0)) ||
        (! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SPELL, 'ru', '/opt/ispell/ru.dict', 1))) {
        exit;
    }
    ?>
    ```

    > **Note**:
    >
    > `flag` is equal to *1* only in the last call.

-   **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SPELL`** - indicates that ispell data should be
    loaded from file and initiates loading of ispell dictionary file. In
    this case `val1` defines double letter language code for which
    affixes are loaded, and `val2` - file path. Please note, that if a
    relative path entered, the module looks for the file not in
    **`UDM_CONF_DIR`**, but in relation to current path, i.e. to the
    path where the script is executed. In case of error in this mode,
    e.g. if file is absent, the function will return **`FALSE`**, and an
    error message will be displayed. Error message text cannot be
    accessed through <span class="function">udm\_error</span> and <span
    class="function">udm\_errno</span>, since those functions can only
    return messages associated with SQL. Please, see `flag` parameter
    description in **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_DB`**.

    ``` php
    <?php
    if ((! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_AFFIX, 'en', '/opt/ispell/en.aff', 0)) ||
       (! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_AFFIX, 'ru', '/opt/ispell/ru.aff', 0)) ||
       (! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SPELL, 'en', '/opt/ispell/en.dict', 0)) ||
       (! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SPELL, 'ru', '/opt/ispell/ru.dict', 1))) {
     exit;
     }
    ?>
    ```

    > **Note**:
    >
    > `flag` is equal to *1* only in the last call.

-   **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SERVER`** - enables spell server support. `val1`
    parameter indicates address of the host running spell server. `val2`
    \` is not used yet, but in future releases it is going to indicate
    number of port used by spell server. `flag` parameter in this case
    is not needed since ispell data is stored on spellserver already
    sorted.

    Spelld server reads spell-data from a separate configuration file
    (`/usr/local/mnogosearch/etc/spelld.conf` by default), sorts it and
    stores in memory. With clients server communicates in two ways: to
    indexer all the data is transferred (so that indexer starts faster),
    from search.cgi server receives word to normalize and then passes
    over to client (search.cgi) list of normalized word forms. This
    allows fastest, compared to db and text modes processing of search
    queries (by omitting loading and sorting all the spell data).

    <span class="function">udm\_load\_ispell\_data</span> function in
    **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SERVER`** mode does not actually load ispell
    data, but only defines server address. In fact, server is
    automatically used by <span class="function">udm\_find</span>
    function when performing search. In case of errors, e.g. if
    spellserver is not running or invalid host indicated, there are no
    messages returned and ispell conversion does not work.

    > **Note**:
    >
    > This function is available in mnoGoSearch 3.1.12 or later.

    <span class="simpara">Example:</span>

    ``` php
    <?php
    if (!udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SERVER, '', '', 1)) {
        echo "Error loading ispell data from server<br />\n";
        exit;
    }
    ?>
    ```

The fastest mode is **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_SERVER`**.
**`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_TEXT`** is slower and **`UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_DB`** is the
slowest. The above pattern is **`TRUE`** for mnoGoSearch 3.1.10 -
3.1.11. It is planned to speed up DB mode in future versions and it is
going to be faster than TEXT mode.

`val1`  

`val2`  

`flag`  

### 返回值

成功时返回 **`TRUE`**， 或者在失败时返回 **`FALSE`**。

### 范例

**示例 \#2 <span class="function">udm\_load\_ispell\_data</span>
example**

``` php
<?php
if (! udm_load_ispell_data($udm, UDM_ISPELL_TYPE_DB, '', '', 1)) {
  printf("Error #%d: '%s'\n", udm_errno($udm), udm_error($udm));
  exit;
}
?>
```

udm\_set\_agent\_param
======================

Set mnoGoSearch agent session parameters

### 说明

<span class="type">bool</span> <span
class="methodname">udm\_set\_agent\_param</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$agent`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$var`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$val`</span>
)

Defines mnoGoSearch session parameters.

### 参数

`agent`  
A link to Agent, received after call to <span
class="function">udm\_alloc\_agent</span>.

`var`  
The following parameters and their values are available:

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_PAGE_NUM`** - used to choose
    search results page number (results are returned by pages beginning
    from 0, with **`UDM_PARAM_PAGE_SIZE`** results per page). </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_PAGE_SIZE`** - number of search
    results displayed on one page. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_SEARCH_MODE`** - search mode.
    The following values available: **`UDM_MODE_ALL`** - search for all
    words; **`UDM_MODE_ANY`** - search for any word;
    **`UDM_MODE_PHRASE`** - phrase search; **`UDM_MODE_BOOL`** - boolean
    search. See <span class="function">udm\_find</span> for details on
    boolean search. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_CACHE_MODE`** - turns on or off
    search result cache mode. When enabled, the search engine will store
    search results to disk. In case a similar search is performed later,
    the engine will take results from the cache for faster performance.
    Available values: **`UDM_CACHE_ENABLED`**, **`UDM_CACHE_DISABLED`**.
    </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_TRACK_MODE`** - turns on or off
    trackquery mode. Since version 3.1.2 mnoGoSearch has a query
    tracking support. Note that tracking is implemented in SQL version
    only and not available in built-in database. To use tracking, you
    have to create tables for tracking support. For MySQL, use
    `create/mysql/track.txt`. When doing a search, front-end uses those
    tables to store query words, a number of found documents and current
    Unix timestamp in seconds. Available values:
    **`UDM_TRACK_ENABLED`**, **`UDM_TRACK_DISABLED`**. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_PHRASE_MODE`** - defines whether
    index database using phrases ("phrase" parameter in indexer.conf).
    Possible values: **`UDM_PHRASE_ENABLED`** and
    **`UDM_PHRASE_DISABLED`**. Please note, that if phrase search is
    enabled (**`UDM_PHRASE_ENABLED`**), it is still possible to do
    search in any mode (*ANY*, *ALL*, *BOOL* or *PHRASE*). In 3.1.10
    version of mnoGoSearch phrase search is supported only in sql and
    built-in database modes, while beginning with 3.1.11 phrases are
    supported in cachemode as well. </span> <span class="simpara">
    Examples of phrase search: </span> <span class="simpara"> *"Arizona
    desert"* - This query returns all indexed documents that contain
    "Arizona desert" as a phrase. Notice that you need to put double
    quotes around the phrase </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_CHARSET`** - defines local
    charset. Available values: set of charsets supported by mnoGoSearch,
    e.g. koi8-r, cp1251, ... </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_STOPFILE`** - Defines name and
    path to stopwords file. (There is a small difference with
    mnoGoSearch - while in mnoGoSearch if relative path or no path
    entered, it looks for this file in relation to **`UDM_CONF_DIR`**,
    the module looks for the file in relation to current path, i.e. to
    the path where the PHP script is executed.) </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_STOPTABLE`** - Load stop words
    from the given SQL table. You may use several StopwordTable
    commands. This command has no effect when compiled without SQL
    database support. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_WEIGHT_FACTOR`** - represents
    weight factors for specific document parts. Currently body, title,
    keywords, description, url are supported. To activate this feature
    please use degrees of 2 in \*Weight commands of the `indexer.conf`.
    Let's imagine that we have these weights: </span>

    ``` literallayout
          URLWeight     1
          BodyWeight    2
          TitleWeight   4
          KeywordWeight 8
          DescWeight    16
             
    ```

    <span class="simpara"> As far as indexer uses bit OR operation for
    word weights when some word presents several time in the same
    document, it is possible at search time to detect word appearance in
    different document parts. Word which appears only in the body will
    have 00000010 aggregate weight (in binary notation). Word used in
    all document parts will have 00011111 aggregate weight. </span>
    <span class="simpara"> This parameter's value is a string of hex
    digits *ABCDE*. Each digit is a factor for corresponding bit in word
    weight. For the given above weights configuration: </span>

    ``` literallayout
           E is a factor for weight 1  (URL Weight bit)
           D is a factor for weight 2  (BodyWeight bit)
           C is a factor for weight 4  (TitleWeight bit)
           B is a factor for weight 8  (KeywordWeight bit)
           A is a factor for weight 16 (DescWeight bit)
             
    ```

    <span class="simpara"> Examples: </span> <span class="simpara">
    **`UDM_PARAM_WEIGHT_FACTOR`**=00001 will search through URLs only.
    </span> <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_WEIGHT_FACTOR`**=00100
    will search through Titles only. </span> <span class="simpara">
    **`UDM_PARAM_WEIGHT_FACTOR`**=11100 will search through
    Title,Keywords,Description but not through URL and Body. </span>
    <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_WEIGHT_FACTOR`**=F9421 will
    search through: </span>

    ``` literallayout
            Description with factor 15  (F hex)
            Keywords with factor 9
            Title with factor  4
            Body with factor 2
            URL with factor 1
             
    ```

    <span class="simpara"> If **`UDM_PARAM_WEIGHT_FACTOR`** variable is
    omitted, original weight value is taken to sort results. For a given
    above weight configuration it means that document description has a
    most big weight 16. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_WORD_MATCH`** - word match. You
    may use this parameter to choose word match type. This feature works
    only in "single" and "multi" modes using SQL based and built-in
    database. It does not work in cachemode and other modes since they
    use word CRC and do not support substring search. Available values:
    </span> <span class="simpara">**`UDM_MATCH_BEGIN`** - word beginning
    match;</span> <span class="simpara">**`UDM_MATCH_END`** - word
    ending match;</span> <span class="simpara">**`UDM_MATCH_WORD`** -
    whole word match;</span> <span
    class="simpara">**`UDM_MATCH_SUBSTR`** - word substring
    match.</span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_MIN_WORD_LEN`** - defines
    minimal word length. Any word shorter this limit is considered to be
    a stopword. Please note that this parameter value is inclusive, i.e.
    if **`UDM_PARAM_MIN_WORD_LEN`**=3, a word 3 characters long will not
    be considered a stopword, while a word 2 characters long will be.
    Default value is 1. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_ISPELL_PREFIXES`** - Possible
    values: **`UDM_PREFIXES_ENABLED`** and **`UDM_PREFIXES_DISABLED`**,
    that respectively enable or disable using prefixes. E.g. if a word
    "tested" is in search query, also words like "test", "testing", etc.
    Only suffixes are supported by default. Prefixes usually change word
    meanings, for example if somebody is searching for the word "tested"
    one hardly wants "untested" to be found. Prefixes support may also
    be found useful for site's spelling checking purposes. In order to
    enable ispell, you have to load ispell data with <span
    class="function">udm\_load\_ispell\_data</span>. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_CROSS_WORDS`** - enables or
    disables crosswords support. Possible values:
    **`UDM_CROSS_WORDS_ENABLED`** and **`UDM_CROSS_WORDS_DISABLED`**.
    </span> <span class="simpara"> The crosswords feature allows to
    assign words between \<a href="xxx"\> and \</a\> also to a document
    this link leads to. It works in SQL database mode and is not
    supported in built-in database and Cachemode. </span>

-   <span class="simpara"> **`UDM_PARAM_VARDIR`** - specifies a custom
    path to directory where indexer stores data when using built-in
    database and in cache mode. By default */var* directory of <span
    class="application">mnoGoSearch</span> installation is used. Can
    have only string values. </span>

`val`  

### 更新日志

| 版本  | 说明                              |
|-------|-----------------------------------|
| 4.1.0 | **`UDM_PARAM_VARDIR`** was added. |

### 返回值

成功时返回 **`TRUE`**， 或者在失败时返回 **`FALSE`**。

### 注释

> **Note**: <span class="simpara"> Crosswords are supported only in
> <span class="application">mnoGoSearch</span> 3.1.11 or later. </span>

**目录**

-   [udm\_add\_search\_limit](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_add_search_limit)
    — Add various search limits
-   [udm\_alloc\_agent\_array](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_alloc_agent_array)
    — Allocate mnoGoSearch session
-   [udm\_alloc\_agent](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_alloc_agent) —
    Allocate mnoGoSearch session
-   [udm\_api\_version](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_api_version) — Get
    mnoGoSearch API version
-   [udm\_cat\_list](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_cat_list) — Get all the
    categories on the same level with the current one
-   [udm\_cat\_path](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_cat_path) — Get the path
    to the current category
-   [udm\_check\_charset](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_check_charset) —
    Check if the given charset is known to mnogosearch
-   [udm\_clear\_search\_limits](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_clear_search_limits)
    — Clear all mnoGoSearch search restrictions
-   [udm\_crc32](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_crc32) — Return CRC32
    checksum of given string
-   [udm\_errno](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_errno) — Get mnoGoSearch
    error number
-   [udm\_error](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_error) — Get mnoGoSearch
    error message
-   [udm\_find](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_find) — Perform search
-   [udm\_free\_agent](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_free_agent) — Free
    mnoGoSearch session
-   [udm\_free\_ispell\_data](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_free_ispell_data)
    — Free memory allocated for ispell data
-   [udm\_free\_res](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_free_res) — Free
    mnoGoSearch result
-   [udm\_get\_doc\_count](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_get_doc_count) —
    Get total number of documents in database
-   [udm\_get\_res\_field](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_get_res_field) —
    Fetch a result field
-   [udm\_get\_res\_param](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_get_res_param) —
    Get mnoGoSearch result parameters
-   [udm\_hash32](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_hash32) — Return Hash32
    checksum of given string
-   [udm\_load\_ispell\_data](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_load_ispell_data)
    — Load ispell data
-   [udm\_set\_agent\_param](/ref/mnogosearch.html#udm_set_agent_param)
    — Set mnoGoSearch agent session parameters
