Gmagick
=======

**目录**

-   [简介](/intro/gmagick.html)
-   [安装／配置](/gmagick/setup.html)
    -   [需求](/gmagick/setup.html#需求)
    -   [安装](/gmagick/setup.html#安装)
    -   [运行时配置](/gmagick/setup.html#运行时配置)
-   [预定义常量](/gmagick/constants.html)
-   [范例](/gmagick/examples.html)
-   [Gmagick](/class/gmagick.html) — The Gmagick class
    -   [Gmagick::addimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::addimage) —
        Adds new image to Gmagick object image list
    -   [Gmagick::addnoiseimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::addnoiseimage)
        — Adds random noise to the image
    -   [Gmagick::annotateimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::annotateimage)
        — Annotates an image with text
    -   [Gmagick::blurimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::blurimage) —
        Adds blur filter to image
    -   [Gmagick::borderimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::borderimage)
        — Surrounds the image with a border
    -   [Gmagick::charcoalimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::charcoalimage)
        — Simulates a charcoal drawing
    -   [Gmagick::chopimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::chopimage) —
        Removes a region of an image and trims
    -   [Gmagick::clear](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::clear) — Clears
        all resources associated to Gmagick object
    -   [Gmagick::commentimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::commentimage)
        — Adds a comment to your image
    -   [Gmagick::compositeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::compositeimage)
        — Composite one image onto another
    -   [Gmagick::\_\_construct](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::__construct)
        — The Gmagick constructor
    -   [Gmagick::cropimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::cropimage) —
        Extracts a region of the image
    -   [Gmagick::cropthumbnailimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::cropthumbnailimage)
        — Creates a crop thumbnail
    -   [Gmagick::current](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::current) — The
        current purpose
    -   [Gmagick::cyclecolormapimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::cyclecolormapimage)
        — Displaces an image's colormap
    -   [Gmagick::deconstructimages](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::deconstructimages)
        — Returns certain pixel differences between images
    -   [Gmagick::despeckleimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::despeckleimage)
        — The despeckleimage purpose
    -   [Gmagick::destroy](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::destroy) — The
        destroy purpose
    -   [Gmagick::drawimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::drawimage) —
        Renders the GmagickDraw object on the current image
    -   [Gmagick::edgeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::edgeimage) —
        Enhance edges within the image
    -   [Gmagick::embossimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::embossimage)
        — Returns a grayscale image with a three-dimensional effect
    -   [Gmagick::enhanceimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::enhanceimage)
        — Improves the quality of a noisy image
    -   [Gmagick::equalizeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::equalizeimage)
        — Equalizes the image histogram
    -   [Gmagick::flipimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::flipimage) —
        Creates a vertical mirror image
    -   [Gmagick::flopimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::flopimage) —
        The flopimage purpose
    -   [Gmagick::frameimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::frameimage) —
        Adds a simulated three-dimensional border
    -   [Gmagick::gammaimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::gammaimage) —
        Gamma-corrects an image
    -   [Gmagick::getcopyright](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getcopyright)
        — Returns the GraphicsMagick API copyright as a string
    -   [Gmagick::getfilename](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getfilename)
        — The filename associated with an image sequence
    -   [Gmagick::getimagebackgroundcolor](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagebackgroundcolor)
        — Returns the image background color
    -   [Gmagick::getimageblueprimary](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageblueprimary)
        — Returns the chromaticy blue primary point
    -   [Gmagick::getimagebordercolor](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagebordercolor)
        — Returns the image border color
    -   [Gmagick::getimagechanneldepth](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagechanneldepth)
        — Gets the depth for a particular image channel
    -   [Gmagick::getimagecolors](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagecolors)
        — Returns the color of the specified colormap index
    -   [Gmagick::getimagecolorspace](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagecolorspace)
        — Gets the image colorspace
    -   [Gmagick::getimagecompose](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagecompose)
        — Returns the composite operator associated with the image
    -   [Gmagick::getimagedelay](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagedelay)
        — Gets the image delay
    -   [Gmagick::getimagedepth](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagedepth)
        — Gets the depth of the image
    -   [Gmagick::getimagedispose](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagedispose)
        — Gets the image disposal method
    -   [Gmagick::getimageextrema](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageextrema)
        — Gets the extrema for the image
    -   [Gmagick::getimagefilename](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagefilename)
        — Returns the filename of a particular image in a sequence
    -   [Gmagick::getimageformat](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageformat)
        — Returns the format of a particular image in a sequence
    -   [Gmagick::getimagegamma](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagegamma)
        — Gets the image gamma
    -   [Gmagick::getimagegreenprimary](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagegreenprimary)
        — Returns the chromaticy green primary point
    -   [Gmagick::getimageheight](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageheight)
        — Returns the image height
    -   [Gmagick::getimagehistogram](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagehistogram)
        — Gets the image histogram
    -   [Gmagick::getimageindex](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageindex)
        — Gets the index of the current active image
    -   [Gmagick::getimageinterlacescheme](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageinterlacescheme)
        — Gets the image interlace scheme
    -   [Gmagick::getimageiterations](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageiterations)
        — Gets the image iterations
    -   [Gmagick::getimagematte](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagematte)
        — Check if the image has a matte channel
    -   [Gmagick::getimagemattecolor](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagemattecolor)
        — Returns the image matte color
    -   [Gmagick::getimageprofile](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageprofile)
        — Returns the named image profile
    -   [Gmagick::getimageredprimary](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageredprimary)
        — Returns the chromaticity red primary point
    -   [Gmagick::getimagerenderingintent](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagerenderingintent)
        — Gets the image rendering intent
    -   [Gmagick::getimageresolution](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageresolution)
        — Gets the image X and Y resolution
    -   [Gmagick::getimagescene](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagescene)
        — Gets the image scene
    -   [Gmagick::getimagesignature](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagesignature)
        — Generates an SHA-256 message digest
    -   [Gmagick::getimagetype](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagetype)
        — Gets the potential image type
    -   [Gmagick::getimageunits](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimageunits)
        — Gets the image units of resolution
    -   [Gmagick::getimagewhitepoint](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagewhitepoint)
        — Returns the chromaticity white point
    -   [Gmagick::getimagewidth](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getimagewidth)
        — Returns the width of the image
    -   [Gmagick::getpackagename](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getpackagename)
        — Returns the GraphicsMagick package name
    -   [Gmagick::getquantumdepth](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getquantumdepth)
        — Returns the Gmagick quantum depth as a string
    -   [Gmagick::getreleasedate](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getreleasedate)
        — Returns the GraphicsMagick release date as a string
    -   [Gmagick::getsamplingfactors](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getsamplingfactors)
        — Gets the horizontal and vertical sampling factor
    -   [Gmagick::getsize](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getsize) —
        Returns the size associated with the Gmagick object
    -   [Gmagick::getversion](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::getversion) —
        Returns the GraphicsMagick API version
    -   [Gmagick::hasnextimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::hasnextimage)
        — Checks if the object has more images
    -   [Gmagick::haspreviousimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::haspreviousimage)
        — Checks if the object has a previous image
    -   [Gmagick::implodeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::implodeimage)
        — Creates a new image as a copy
    -   [Gmagick::labelimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::labelimage) —
        Adds a label to an image
    -   [Gmagick::levelimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::levelimage) —
        Adjusts the levels of an image
    -   [Gmagick::magnifyimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::magnifyimage)
        — Scales an image proportionally 2x
    -   [Gmagick::mapimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::mapimage) —
        Replaces the colors of an image with the closest color from a
        reference image
    -   [Gmagick::medianfilterimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::medianfilterimage)
        — Applies a digital filter
    -   [Gmagick::minifyimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::minifyimage)
        — Scales an image proportionally to half its size
    -   [Gmagick::modulateimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::modulateimage)
        — Control the brightness, saturation, and hue
    -   [Gmagick::motionblurimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::motionblurimage)
        — Simulates motion blur
    -   [Gmagick::newimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::newimage) —
        Creates a new image
    -   [Gmagick::nextimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::nextimage) —
        Moves to the next image
    -   [Gmagick::normalizeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::normalizeimage)
        — Enhances the contrast of a color image
    -   [Gmagick::oilpaintimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::oilpaintimage)
        — Simulates an oil painting
    -   [Gmagick::previousimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::previousimage)
        — Move to the previous image in the object
    -   [Gmagick::profileimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::profileimage)
        — Adds or removes a profile from an image
    -   [Gmagick::quantizeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::quantizeimage)
        — Analyzes the colors within a reference image
    -   [Gmagick::quantizeimages](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::quantizeimages)
        — The quantizeimages purpose
    -   [Gmagick::queryfontmetrics](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::queryfontmetrics)
        — Returns an array representing the font metrics
    -   [Gmagick::queryfonts](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::queryfonts) —
        Returns the configured fonts
    -   [Gmagick::queryformats](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::queryformats)
        — Returns formats supported by Gmagick
    -   [Gmagick::radialblurimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::radialblurimage)
        — Radial blurs an image
    -   [Gmagick::raiseimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::raiseimage) —
        Creates a simulated 3d button-like effect
    -   [Gmagick::read](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::read) — Reads image
        from filename
    -   [Gmagick::readimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::readimage) —
        Reads image from filename
    -   [Gmagick::readimageblob](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::readimageblob)
        — Reads image from a binary string
    -   [Gmagick::readimagefile](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::readimagefile)
        — The readimagefile purpose
    -   [Gmagick::reducenoiseimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::reducenoiseimage)
        — Smooths the contours of an image
    -   [Gmagick::removeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::removeimage)
        — Removes an image from the image list
    -   [Gmagick::removeimageprofile](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::removeimageprofile)
        — Removes the named image profile and returns it
    -   [Gmagick::resampleimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::resampleimage)
        — Resample image to desired resolution
    -   [Gmagick::resizeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::resizeimage)
        — Scales an image
    -   [Gmagick::rollimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::rollimage) —
        Offsets an image
    -   [Gmagick::rotateimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::rotateimage)
        — Rotates an image
    -   [Gmagick::scaleimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::scaleimage) —
        Scales the size of an image
    -   [Gmagick::separateimagechannel](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::separateimagechannel)
        — Separates a channel from the image
    -   [Gmagick::setCompressionQuality](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setCompressionQuality)
        — Sets the object's default compression quality
    -   [Gmagick::setfilename](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setfilename)
        — Sets the filename before you read or write the image
    -   [Gmagick::setimagebackgroundcolor](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagebackgroundcolor)
        — Sets the image background color
    -   [Gmagick::setimageblueprimary](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageblueprimary)
        — Sets the image chromaticity blue primary point
    -   [Gmagick::setimagebordercolor](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagebordercolor)
        — Sets the image border color
    -   [Gmagick::setimagechanneldepth](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagechanneldepth)
        — Sets the depth of a particular image channel
    -   [Gmagick::setimagecolorspace](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagecolorspace)
        — Sets the image colorspace
    -   [Gmagick::setimagecompose](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagecompose)
        — Sets the image composite operator
    -   [Gmagick::setimagedelay](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagedelay)
        — Sets the image delay
    -   [Gmagick::setimagedepth](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagedepth)
        — Sets the image depth
    -   [Gmagick::setimagedispose](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagedispose)
        — Sets the image disposal method
    -   [Gmagick::setimagefilename](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagefilename)
        — Sets the filename of a particular image in a sequence
    -   [Gmagick::setimageformat](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageformat)
        — Sets the format of a particular image
    -   [Gmagick::setimagegamma](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagegamma)
        — Sets the image gamma
    -   [Gmagick::setimagegreenprimary](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagegreenprimary)
        — Sets the image chromaticity green primary point
    -   [Gmagick::setimageindex](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageindex)
        — Set the iterator to the position in the image list specified
        with the index parameter
    -   [Gmagick::setimageinterlacescheme](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageinterlacescheme)
        — Sets the interlace scheme of the image
    -   [Gmagick::setimageiterations](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageiterations)
        — Sets the image iterations
    -   [Gmagick::setimageprofile](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageprofile)
        — Adds a named profile to the Gmagick object
    -   [Gmagick::setimageredprimary](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageredprimary)
        — Sets the image chromaticity red primary point
    -   [Gmagick::setimagerenderingintent](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagerenderingintent)
        — Sets the image rendering intent
    -   [Gmagick::setimageresolution](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageresolution)
        — Sets the image resolution
    -   [Gmagick::setimagescene](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagescene)
        — Sets the image scene
    -   [Gmagick::setimagetype](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagetype)
        — Sets the image type
    -   [Gmagick::setimageunits](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimageunits)
        — Sets the image units of resolution
    -   [Gmagick::setimagewhitepoint](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setimagewhitepoint)
        — Sets the image chromaticity white point
    -   [Gmagick::setsamplingfactors](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setsamplingfactors)
        — Sets the image sampling factors
    -   [Gmagick::setsize](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::setsize) — Sets
        the size of the Gmagick object
    -   [Gmagick::shearimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::shearimage) —
        Creating a parallelogram
    -   [Gmagick::solarizeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::solarizeimage)
        — Applies a solarizing effect to the image
    -   [Gmagick::spreadimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::spreadimage)
        — Randomly displaces each pixel in a block
    -   [Gmagick::stripimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::stripimage) —
        Strips an image of all profiles and comments
    -   [Gmagick::swirlimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::swirlimage) —
        Swirls the pixels about the center of the image
    -   [Gmagick::thumbnailimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::thumbnailimage)
        — Changes the size of an image
    -   [Gmagick::trimimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::trimimage) —
        Remove edges from the image
    -   [Gmagick::write](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::write) — 别名
        Gmagick::writeimage
    -   [Gmagick::writeimage](/class/gmagick.html#Gmagick::writeimage) —
        Writes an image to the specified filename
-   [GmagickDraw](/class/gmagickdraw.html) — The GmagickDraw class
    -   [GmagickDraw::annotate](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::annotate)
        — Draws text on the image
    -   [GmagickDraw::arc](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::arc) —
        Draws an arc
    -   [GmagickDraw::bezier](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::bezier)
        — Draws a bezier curve
    -   [GmagickDraw::ellipse](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::ellipse)
        — Draws an ellipse on the image
    -   [GmagickDraw::getfillcolor](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getfillcolor)
        — Returns the fill color
    -   [GmagickDraw::getfillopacity](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getfillopacity)
        — Returns the opacity used when drawing
    -   [GmagickDraw::getfont](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getfont)
        — Returns the font
    -   [GmagickDraw::getfontsize](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getfontsize)
        — Returns the font pointsize
    -   [GmagickDraw::getfontstyle](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getfontstyle)
        — Returns the font style
    -   [GmagickDraw::getfontweight](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getfontweight)
        — Returns the font weight
    -   [GmagickDraw::getstrokecolor](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getstrokecolor)
        — Returns the color used for stroking object outlines
    -   [GmagickDraw::getstrokeopacity](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getstrokeopacity)
        — Returns the opacity of stroked object outlines
    -   [GmagickDraw::getstrokewidth](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::getstrokewidth)
        — Returns the width of the stroke used to draw object outlines
    -   [GmagickDraw::gettextdecoration](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::gettextdecoration)
        — Returns the text decoration
    -   [GmagickDraw::gettextencoding](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::gettextencoding)
        — Returns the code set used for text annotations
    -   [GmagickDraw::line](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::line) —
        The line purpose
    -   [GmagickDraw::point](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::point)
        — Draws a point
    -   [GmagickDraw::polygon](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::polygon)
        — Draws a polygon
    -   [GmagickDraw::polyline](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::polyline)
        — Draws a polyline
    -   [GmagickDraw::rectangle](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::rectangle)
        — Draws a rectangle
    -   [GmagickDraw::rotate](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::rotate)
        — Applies the specified rotation to the current coordinate space
    -   [GmagickDraw::roundrectangle](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::roundrectangle)
        — Draws a rounded rectangle
    -   [GmagickDraw::scale](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::scale)
        — Adjusts the scaling factor
    -   [GmagickDraw::setfillcolor](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setfillcolor)
        — Sets the fill color to be used for drawing filled objects
    -   [GmagickDraw::setfillopacity](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setfillopacity)
        — The setfillopacity purpose
    -   [GmagickDraw::setfont](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setfont)
        — Sets the fully-specified font to use when annotating with text
    -   [GmagickDraw::setfontsize](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setfontsize)
        — Sets the font pointsize to use when annotating with text
    -   [GmagickDraw::setfontstyle](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setfontstyle)
        — Sets the font style to use when annotating with text
    -   [GmagickDraw::setfontweight](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setfontweight)
        — Sets the font weight
    -   [GmagickDraw::setstrokecolor](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setstrokecolor)
        — Sets the color used for stroking object outlines
    -   [GmagickDraw::setstrokeopacity](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setstrokeopacity)
        — Specifies the opacity of stroked object outlines
    -   [GmagickDraw::setstrokewidth](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::setstrokewidth)
        — Sets the width of the stroke used to draw object outlines
    -   [GmagickDraw::settextdecoration](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::settextdecoration)
        — Specifies a decoration
    -   [GmagickDraw::settextencoding](/class/gmagickdraw.html#GmagickDraw::settextencoding)
        — Specifies the text code set
-   [GmagickPixel](/class/gmagickpixel.html) — The GmagickPixel class
    -   [GmagickPixel::\_\_construct](/class/gmagickpixel.html#GmagickPixel::__construct)
        — The GmagickPixel constructor
    -   [GmagickPixel::getcolor](/class/gmagickpixel.html#GmagickPixel::getcolor)
        — Returns the color
    -   [GmagickPixel::getcolorcount](/class/gmagickpixel.html#GmagickPixel::getcolorcount)
        — Returns the color count associated with this color
    -   [GmagickPixel::getcolorvalue](/class/gmagickpixel.html#GmagickPixel::getcolorvalue)
        — Gets the normalized value of the provided color channel
    -   [GmagickPixel::setcolor](/class/gmagickpixel.html#GmagickPixel::setcolor)
        — Sets the color
    -   [GmagickPixel::setcolorvalue](/class/gmagickpixel.html#GmagickPixel::setcolorvalue)
        — Sets the normalized value of one of the channels

简介
----

类摘要
------

**Gmagick**

<span class="ooclass"> class **Gmagick** </span> {

/\* 方法 \*/

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">addimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">Gmagick</span> `$source`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">addnoiseimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$noise_type`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">annotateimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickDraw</span>
`$GmagickDraw`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$angle`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$text`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">blurimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$sigma`</span> \[, <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$channel`</span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">borderimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickPixel</span>
`$color`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">charcoalimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$sigma`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">chopimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">clear</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">commentimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$comment`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">compositeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">Gmagick</span> `$source`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$COMPOSE`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="methodname">\_\_construct</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
\] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">cropimage</span> ( <span class="methodparam">
<span class="type">int</span> `$width` </span> , <span
class="methodparam"> <span class="type">int</span> `$height` </span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">cropthumbnailimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">current</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">cyclecolormapimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$displace`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">deconstructimages</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">despeckleimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">bool</span>
<span class="methodname">destroy</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">drawimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickDraw</span>
`$GmagickDraw`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">edgeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">embossimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$sigma`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">enhanceimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">equalizeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">flipimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">flopimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">frameimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickPixel</span>
`$color`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$inner_bevel`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$outer_bevel`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">gammaimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$gamma`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">getcopyright</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">getfilename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagebackgroundcolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getimageblueprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagebordercolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagechanneldepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel_type`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagecolors</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagecolorspace</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagecompose</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagedelay</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagedepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagedispose</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getimageextrema</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">getimagefilename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">getimageformat</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">getimagegamma</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getimagegreenprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimageheight</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getimagehistogram</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimageindex</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimageinterlacescheme</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimageiterations</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">bool</span>
<span class="methodname">getimagematte</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagemattecolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">getimageprofile</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$name`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getimageredprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagerenderingintent</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getimageresolution</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagescene</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">getimagesignature</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagetype</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimageunits</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getimagewhitepoint</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getimagewidth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">getpackagename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getquantumdepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">getreleasedate</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getsamplingfactors</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getsize</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">getversion</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">hasnextimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">haspreviousimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">implodeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">labelimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$label`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">levelimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$blackPoint`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$gamma`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$whitePoint`</span> \[, <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`<span
class="initializer"> = Gmagick::CHANNEL\_DEFAULT</span></span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">magnifyimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">mapimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">gmagick</span> `$gmagick`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$dither`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">void</span>
<span class="methodname">medianfilterimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">minifyimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">modulateimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$brightness`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$saturation`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$hue`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">motionblurimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$sigma`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$angle`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">newimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$background`</span> \[, <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">string</span> `$format`</span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">bool</span>
<span class="methodname">nextimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">normalizeimage</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`</span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">oilpaintimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"> <span class="type">float</span> `$radius` </span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">bool</span>
<span class="methodname">previousimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">profileimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$name`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$profile`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">quantizeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$numColors`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$colorspace`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$treeDepth`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$dither`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$measureError`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">quantizeimages</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$numColors`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$colorspace`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$treeDepth`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$dither`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$measureError`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">queryfontmetrics</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickDraw</span> `$draw`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$text`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">queryfonts</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$pattern`<span
class="initializer"> = "\*"</span></span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">queryformats</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$pattern`<span
class="initializer"> = "\*"</span></span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">radialblurimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$angle`</span> \[,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`<span
class="initializer"> = Gmagick::CHANNEL\_DEFAULT</span></span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">raiseimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$raise`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">read</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">readimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">readimageblob</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$imageContents`</span> \[, <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">readimagefile</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$fp`</span> \[,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$filename`</span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">reducenoiseimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">removeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">removeimageprofile</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$name`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">resampleimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$xResolution`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$yResolution`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$filter`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$blur`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">resizeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$filter`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$blur`</span> \[, <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$fit`<span
class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">rollimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">rotateimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">mixed</span> `$color`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$degrees`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">scaleimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
\[, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$fit`<span
class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">separateimagechannel</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`</span> )

<span class="type">Gmagick</span> <span
class="methodname">setCompressionQuality</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"> <span class="type">int</span> `$quality` <span
class="initializer"> = 75</span> </span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setfilename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagebackgroundcolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickPixel</span>
`$color`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageblueprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagebordercolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickPixel</span>
`$color`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagechanneldepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$depth`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagecolorspace</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$colorspace`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagecompose</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$composite`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagedelay</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$delay`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagedepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$depth`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagedispose</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$disposeType`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagefilename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageformat</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$imageFormat`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagegamma</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$gamma`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagegreenprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageindex</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$index`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageinterlacescheme</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$interlace`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageiterations</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$iterations`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageprofile</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$name`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$profile`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageredprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagerenderingintent</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$rendering_intent`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageresolution</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$xResolution`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$yResolution`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagescene</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$scene`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagetype</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$imgType`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimageunits</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$resolution`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setimagewhitepoint</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setsamplingfactors</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span> `$factors`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">setsize</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$columns`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$rows`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">shearimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">mixed</span> `$color`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$xShear`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$yShear`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">solarizeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$threshold`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">spreadimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">stripimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">swirlimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$degrees`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">thumbnailimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
\[, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$fit`<span
class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">trimimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$fuzz`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">writeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
\[, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$all_frames`<span class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \] )

}

Gmagick::addimage
=================

Adds new image to Gmagick object image list

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::addimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">Gmagick</span> `$source`</span> )

Adds new image to Gmagick object from the current position of the source
object. After the operation iterator position is moved at the end of the
list.

### 参数

`source`  
The source Gmagick object

### 返回值

The Gmagick object with image added

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::addnoiseimage
======================

Adds random noise to the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::addnoiseimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$noise_type`</span> )

Adds random noise to the image.

### 参数

`noise_type`  
The type of the noise. Refer to this list of
<a href="/gmagick/constants.html#Noise%20%20constants" class="link">noise constants</a>.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object with noise added.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::annotateimage
======================

Annotates an image with text

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::annotateimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickDraw</span>
`$GmagickDraw`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$angle`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$text`</span> )

Annotates an image with text.

### 参数

`GmagickDraw`  
The GmagickDraw object that contains settings for drawing the text

`x`  
Horizontal offset in pixels to the left of text

`y`  
Vertical offset in pixels to the baseline of text

`angle`  
The angle at which to write the text

`text`  
The string to draw

### 返回值

The Gmagick object with annotation made.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::blurimage
==================

Adds blur filter to image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::blurimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$sigma`</span> \[, <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$channel`</span> \] )

Adds blur filter to image.

### 参数

`radius`  
Blur radius

`sigma`  
Standard deviation

### 返回值

The blurred Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::borderimage
====================

Surrounds the image with a border

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::borderimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickPixel</span>
`$color`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span> )

Surrounds the image with a border of the color defined by the
bordercolor GmagickPixel object or a color string.

### 参数

`color`  
GmagickPixel object or a string containing the border color

`width`  
Border width

`height`  
Border height

### 返回值

The Gmagick object with border defined

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::charcoalimage
======================

Simulates a charcoal drawing

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::charcoalimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$sigma`</span> )

Simulates a charcoal drawing.

### 参数

`radius`  
The radius of the Gaussian, in pixels, not counting the center pixel

`sigma`  
The standard deviation of the Gaussian, in pixels

### 返回值

The Gmagick object with charcoal simulation

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::chopimage
==================

Removes a region of an image and trims

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::chopimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> )

Removes a region of an image and collapses the image to occupy the
removed portion.

### 参数

`width`  
Width of the chopped area

`height`  
Height of the chopped area

`x`  
X origo of the chopped area

`y`  
Y origo of the chopped area

### 返回值

The chopped Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::clear
==============

Clears all resources associated to Gmagick object

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::clear</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Clears all resources associated to Gmagick object

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The cleared Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::commentimage
=====================

Adds a comment to your image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::commentimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$comment`</span> )

Adds a comment to your image.

### 参数

`comment`  
The comment to add

### 返回值

The Gmagick object with comment added.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::compositeimage
=======================

Composite one image onto another

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::compositeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">Gmagick</span> `$source`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$COMPOSE`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> )

Composite one image onto another at the specified offset.

### 参数

`source`  
Gmagick object which holds the composite image

`compose`  
Composite operator.

`x`  
The column offset of the composited image

`y`  
The row offset of the composited image

### 返回值

The Gmagick object with compositions.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::\_\_construct
======================

The Gmagick constructor

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::\_\_construct</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
\] )

The Gmagick constructor.

### 参数

`filename`  
The path to an image to load or array of paths

### 返回值

Returns a new Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::cropimage
==================

Extracts a region of the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::cropimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"> <span class="type">int</span> `$width` </span> ,
<span class="methodparam"> <span class="type">int</span> `$height`
</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$x`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$y`</span> )

Extracts a region of the image.

### 参数

`width`  
The width of the crop

`height`  
The height of the crop

`x`  
The X coordinate of the cropped region's top left corner

`y`  
The Y coordinate of the cropped region's top left corner

### 返回值

The cropped Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::cropthumbnailimage
===========================

Creates a crop thumbnail

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::cropthumbnailimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
)

Creates a fixed size thumbnail by first scaling the image down and
cropping a specified area from the center.

### 参数

`width`  
The width of the thumbnail

`height`  
The Height of the thumbnail

### 返回值

The cropped Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::current
================

The current purpose

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::current</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns reference to the current gmagick object with image pointer at
the correct sequence.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns self on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::cyclecolormapimage
===========================

Displaces an image's colormap

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::cyclecolormapimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$displace`</span> )

Displaces an image's colormap by a given number of positions. If you
cycle the colormap a number of times you can produce a psychedelic
effect.

### 参数

`displace`  
The amount to displace the colormap.

### 返回值

Returns self on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::deconstructimages
==========================

Returns certain pixel differences between images

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::deconstructimages</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Compares each image with the next in a sequence and returns the maximum
bounding region of any pixel differences it discovers.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a new <span class="classname">Gmagick</span> object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::despeckleimage
=======================

The despeckleimage purpose

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::despeckleimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Reduces the speckle noise in an image while preserving the edges of the
original image.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The despeckled Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

### 范例

**示例 \#1 <span class="methodname">Gmagick::despeckleimage</span>
example**

``` php
<?php
/* ... */
?>
```

以上例程的输出类似于：

    ...

### 参见

-   <span class="methodname">Classname::Method</span>

Gmagick::destroy
================

The destroy purpose

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">bool</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::destroy</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Destroys the Gmagick object and frees all resources associated with it

### 返回值

成功时返回 **`TRUE`**， 或者在失败时返回 **`FALSE`**。

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::drawimage
==================

Renders the GmagickDraw object on the current image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::drawimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickDraw</span>
`$GmagickDraw`</span> )

Renders the GmagickDraw object on the current image

### 参数

`GmagickDraw`  
The drawing operations to render on the image.

### 返回值

The drawn Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::edgeimage
==================

Enhance edges within the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::edgeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

Enhance edges within the image with a convolution filter of the given
radius. Use radius 0 and it will be auto-selected.

### 参数

`radius`  
The radius of the operation.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object with edges enhanced.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::embossimage
====================

Returns a grayscale image with a three-dimensional effect

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::embossimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$sigma`</span> )

Returns a grayscale image with a three-dimensional effect. We convolve
the image with a Gaussian operator of the given radius and standard
deviation (sigma). For reasonable results, radius should be larger than
sigma. Use a radius of 0 and it will choose a suitable radius for you.

### 参数

`radius`  
The radius of the effect

`sigma`  
The sigma of the effect

### 返回值

The embossed Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::enhanceimage
=====================

Improves the quality of a noisy image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::enhanceimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Applies a digital filter that improves the quality of a noisy image.

### 返回值

The enhanced Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::equalizeimage
======================

Equalizes the image histogram

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::equalizeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Equalizes the image histogram.

### 返回值

The equalized Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::flipimage
==================

Creates a vertical mirror image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::flipimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Creates a vertical mirror image by reflecting the pixels around the
central x-axis.

### 返回值

The flipped Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

### 参见

-   <span class="function">Imagick::flopimage</span>

Gmagick::flopimage
==================

The flopimage purpose

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::flopimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Creates a vertical mirror image by reflecting the pixels around the
central y-axis.

### 返回值

The flopped Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

### 参见

-   <span class="function">Imagick::flipimage</span>

Gmagick::frameimage
===================

Adds a simulated three-dimensional border

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::frameimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickPixel</span>
`$color`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$inner_bevel`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$outer_bevel`</span> )

Adds a simulated three-dimensional border around the image. The width
and height specify the border width of the vertical and horizontal sides
of the frame. The inner and outer bevels indicate the width of the inner
and outer shadows of the frame.

### 参数

`color`  
GmagickPixel object or a float representing the matte color

`width`  
The width of the border

`height`  
The height of the border

`inner_bevel`  
The inner bevel width

`outer_bevel`  
The outer bevel width

### 返回值

The framed Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::gammaimage
===================

Gamma-corrects an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::gammaimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$gamma`</span> )

Gamma-corrects an image. The same image viewed on different devices will
have perceptual differences in the way the image's intensities are
represented on the screen. Specify individual gamma levels for the red,
green, and blue channels, or adjust all three with the gamma parameter.
Values typically range from 0.8 to 2.3.

### 参数

`gamma`  
The amount of gamma-correction.

### 返回值

The gamma corrected Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getcopyright
=====================

Returns the GraphicsMagick API copyright as a string

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getcopyright</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the GraphicsMagick API copyright as a string.

### 返回值

Returns a string containing the copyright notice of GraphicsMagick and
Magickwand C API.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getfilename
====================

The filename associated with an image sequence

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getfilename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the filename associated with an image sequence.

### 返回值

Returns a string on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagebackgroundcolor
================================

Returns the image background color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagebackgroundcolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the image background color.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns an GmagickPixel set to the background color of the image.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageblueprimary
============================

Returns the chromaticy blue primary point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageblueprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the chromaticity blue primary point for the image.

### 参数

`x`  
The chromaticity blue primary x-point.

`y`  
The chromaticity blue primary y-point.

### 返回值

Array consisting of "x" and "y" coordinates of point.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagebordercolor
============================

Returns the image border color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagebordercolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the image border color.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

GmagickPixel object representing the color of the border

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagechanneldepth
=============================

Gets the depth for a particular image channel

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagechanneldepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel_type`</span>
)

Gets the depth for a particular image channel.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Depth of image channel

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagecolors
=======================

Returns the color of the specified colormap index

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagecolors</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the color of the specified colormap index.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The number of colors in image.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagecolorspace
===========================

Gets the image colorspace

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagecolorspace</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image colorspace.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Colorspace

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagecompose
========================

Returns the composite operator associated with the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagecompose</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the composite operator associated with the image.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the composite operator associated with the image.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagedelay
======================

Gets the image delay

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagedelay</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image delay

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the composite operator associated with the image.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagedepth
======================

Gets the depth of the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagedepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the depth of the image.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Image depth

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagedispose
========================

Gets the image disposal method

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagedispose</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image disposal method

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the dispose method on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageextrema
========================

Gets the extrema for the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageextrema</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns an associative array with the keys "min" and "max". 错误时抛出
<span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns an associative array with the keys "min" and "max".

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagefilename
=========================

Returns the filename of a particular image in a sequence

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagefilename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the filename of a particular image in a sequence

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a string with the filename of the image

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageformat
=======================

Returns the format of a particular image in a sequence

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageformat</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the format of a particular image in a sequence.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a string containing the image format on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagegamma
======================

Gets the image gamma

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagegamma</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image gamma

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the image gamma on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagegreenprimary
=============================

Returns the chromaticy green primary point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagegreenprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the chromaticity green primary point. Returns an array with the
keys "x" and "y".

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns an array with the keys "x" and "y" on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageheight
=======================

Returns the image height

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageheight</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the image height

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the image height in pixels.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagehistogram
==========================

Gets the image histogram

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagehistogram</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the image histogram as an array of GmagickPixel objects. Throw
an GmagickException on error.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the image histogram as an array of GmagickPixel objects.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageindex
======================

Gets the index of the current active image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageindex</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the index of the current active image within the Gmagick object.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Index of current active image

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageinterlacescheme
================================

Gets the image interlace scheme

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageinterlacescheme</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image interlace scheme.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the interlace scheme as an integer on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageiterations
===========================

Gets the image iterations

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageiterations</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image iterations.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the image iterations as an integer.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagematte
======================

Check if the image has a matte channel

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">bool</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagematte</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns **`TRUE`** if the image has a matte channel, otherwise
**`FALSE`**.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns **`TRUE`** if the image has a matte channel, otherwise
**`FALSE`**.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagemattecolor
===========================

Returns the image matte color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagemattecolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns GmagickPixel object on success. Throw an GmagickException on
error.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns GmagickPixel object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageprofile
========================

Returns the named image profile

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageprofile</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$name`</span> )

Returns the named image profile.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a string containing the image profile.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageredprimary
===========================

Returns the chromaticity red primary point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageredprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the chromaticity red primary point as an array with the keys "x"
and "y".

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the chromaticity red primary point as an array with the keys "x"
and "y".

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagerenderingintent
================================

Gets the image rendering intent

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagerenderingintent</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image rendering intent

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Extracts a region of the image and returns it as a new wand

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageresolution
===========================

Gets the image X and Y resolution

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageresolution</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the resolution as an array.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the resolution as an array.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagescene
======================

Gets the image scene

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagescene</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image scene.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the image scene.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagesignature
==========================

Generates an SHA-256 message digest

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagesignature</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Generates an SHA-256 message digest for the image pixel stream.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a string containing the SHA-256 hash of the file.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagetype
=====================

Gets the potential image type

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagetype</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the potential image type.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the potential image type.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimageunits
======================

Gets the image units of resolution

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimageunits</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the image units of resolution.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the image units of resolution.

Gmagick::getimagewhitepoint
===========================

Returns the chromaticity white point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagewhitepoint</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the chromaticity white point as an associative array with the
keys "x" and "y".

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the chromaticity white point as an associative array with the
keys "x" and "y".

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getimagewidth
======================

Returns the width of the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::getimagewidth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the width of the image.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the image width.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getpackagename
=======================

Returns the GraphicsMagick package name

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getpackagename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the GraphicsMagick package name.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the GraphicsMagick package name as a string.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getquantumdepth
========================

Returns the Gmagick quantum depth as a string

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getquantumdepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the Gmagick quantum depth as a string.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the Gmagick quantum depth as a string.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getreleasedate
=======================

Returns the GraphicsMagick release date as a string

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getreleasedate</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the GraphicsMagick release date as a string.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the GraphicsMagick release date as a string.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getsamplingfactors
===========================

Gets the horizontal and vertical sampling factor

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getsamplingfactors</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Gets the horizontal and vertical sampling factor.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns an associative array with the horizontal and vertical sampling
factors of the image.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getsize
================

Returns the size associated with the Gmagick object

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getsize</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the size associated with the Gmagick object as an array with the
keys "columns" and "rows".

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the size associated with the Gmagick object as an array with the
keys "columns" and "rows".

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::getversion
===================

Returns the GraphicsMagick API version

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::getversion</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the GraphicsMagick API version as a string and as a number.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the GraphicsMagick API version as a string and as a number.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::hasnextimage
=====================

Checks if the object has more images

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::hasnextimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns TRUE if the object has more images when traversing the list in
the forward direction.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns TRUE if the object has more images when traversing the list in
the forward direction, returns FALSE if there are none.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::haspreviousimage
=========================

Checks if the object has a previous image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::haspreviousimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns TRUE if the object has more images when traversing the list in
the reverse direction

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns TRUE if the object has more images when traversing the list in
the reverse direction, returns FALSE if there are none.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::implodeimage
=====================

Creates a new image as a copy

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::implodeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

Creates a new image that is a copy of an existing one with the image
pixels "imploded" by the specified percentage.

### 参数

`radius`  
The radius of the implode

### 返回值

Returns imploded Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::labelimage
===================

Adds a label to an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::labelimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$label`</span> )

Adds a label to an image.

### 参数

`label`  
The label to add

### 返回值

Gmagick with label.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::levelimage
===================

Adjusts the levels of an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::levelimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$blackPoint`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$gamma`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$whitePoint`</span> \[, <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`<span
class="initializer"> = Gmagick::CHANNEL\_DEFAULT</span></span> \] )

Adjusts the levels of an image by scaling the colors falling between
specified white and black points to the full available quantum range.
The parameters provided represent the black, mid, and white points. The
black point specifies the darkest color in the image. Colors darker than
the black point are set to zero. Mid point specifies a gamma correction
to apply to the image. White point specifies the lightest color in the
image. Colors brighter than the white point are set to the maximum
quantum value.

### 参数

`blackPoint`  
The image black point

`gamma`  
The gamma value

`whitePoint`  
The image white point

`channel`  
Provide any channel constant that is valid for your channel mode. To
apply to more than one channel, combine channeltype constants using
bitwise operators. Refer to this list of
<a href="/gmagick/constants.html#Channel%20constants" class="link">channel constants</a>.

### 返回值

Gmagick object with image levelled.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::magnifyimage
=====================

Scales an image proportionally 2x

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::magnifyimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Conveniently scales an image proportionally to twice its original size.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Magnified Gmagick object.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::mapimage
=================

Replaces the colors of an image with the closest color from a reference
image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::mapimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">gmagick</span> `$gmagick`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$dither`</span> )

Replaces the colors of an image with the closest color from a reference
image.

### 参数

`gmagick`  
The reference image

`dither`  
Set this integer value to something other than zero to dither the mapped
image

### 返回值

Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::medianfilterimage
==========================

Applies a digital filter

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">void</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::medianfilterimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

Applies a digital filter that improves the quality of a noisy image.
Each pixel is replaced by the median in a set of neighboring pixels as
defined by radius.

### 参数

`radius`  
The radius of the pixel neighborhood.

### 返回值

Gmagick object with median filter applied.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::minifyimage
====================

Scales an image proportionally to half its size

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::minifyimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

A convenient method that scales an image proportionally to one-half its
original size

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::modulateimage
======================

Control the brightness, saturation, and hue

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::modulateimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$brightness`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$saturation`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$hue`</span> )

Lets you control the brightness, saturation, and hue of an image. Hue is
the percentage of absolute rotation from the current position. For
example 50 results in a counter-clockwise rotation of 90 degrees, 150
results in a clockwise rotation of 90 degrees, with 0 and 200 both
resulting in a rotation of 180 degrees.

### 参数

`brightness`  
The percent change in brighness (-100 thru +100).

`saturation`  
The percent change in saturation (-100 thru +100)

`hue`  
The percent change in hue (-100 thru +100)

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::motionblurimage
========================

Simulates motion blur

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::motionblurimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$sigma`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$angle`</span> )

Simulates motion blur. We convolve the image with a Gaussian operator of
the given radius and standard deviation (sigma). For reasonable results,
radius should be larger than sigma. Use a radius of 0 and
MotionBlurImage() selects a suitable radius for you. Angle gives the
angle of the blurring motion.

### 参数

`radius`  
The radius of the Gaussian, in pixels, not counting the center pixel.

`sigma`  
The standard deviation of the Gaussian, in pixels.

`angle`  
Apply the effect along this angle.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::newimage
=================

Creates a new image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::newimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$background`</span> \[, <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">string</span> `$format`</span> \] )

Creates a new image with the specified background color

### 参数

`width`  
Width of the new image

`height`  
Height of the new image

`background`  
The background color used for this image (as float)

`format`  
Image format.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::nextimage
==================

Moves to the next image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">bool</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::nextimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Associates the next image in the image list with an Gmagick object.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

成功时返回 **`TRUE`**， 或者在失败时返回 **`FALSE`**。

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::normalizeimage
=======================

Enhances the contrast of a color image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::normalizeimage</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`</span> \] )

Enhances the contrast of a color image by adjusting the pixels color to
span the entire range of colors available.

### 参数

`channel`  
Identify which channel to normalize

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::oilpaintimage
======================

Simulates an oil painting

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::oilpaintimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"> <span class="type">float</span> `$radius` </span> )

Applies a special effect filter that simulates an oil painting. Each
pixel is replaced by the most frequent color occurring in a circular
region defined by radius.

### 参数

`radius`  
The radius of the circular neighborhood.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::previousimage
======================

Move to the previous image in the object

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">bool</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::previousimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Associates the previous image in an image list with the Gmagick object.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

成功时返回 **`TRUE`**， 或者在失败时返回 **`FALSE`**。

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::profileimage
=====================

Adds or removes a profile from an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::profileimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$name`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$profile`</span> )

Adds or removes a ICC, IPTC, or generic profile from an image. If the
profile is NULL, it is removed from the image otherwise added. Use a
name of '\*' and a profile of NULL to remove all profiles from the
image.

### 参数

`name`  
Name of profile to add or remove: ICC, IPTC, or generic profile.

`profile`  
The profile.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::quantizeimage
======================

Analyzes the colors within a reference image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::quantizeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$numColors`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$colorspace`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$treeDepth`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$dither`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$measureError`</span> )

Analyzes the colors within a reference image and chooses a fixed number
of colors to represent the image. The goal of the algorithm is to
minimize the color difference between the input and output image while
minimizing the processing time.

### 参数

`numColors`  
The number of colors.

`colorspace`  
Perform color reduction in this colorspace, typically RGBColorspace.

`treeDepth`  
Normally, this integer value is zero or one. A zero or one tells
Quantize to choose a optimal tree depth of Log4(number\_colors).% A tree
of this depth generally allows the best representation of the reference
image with the least amount of memory and the fastest computational
speed. In some cases, such as an image with low color dispersion (a few
number of colors), a value other than Log4(number\_colors) is required.
To expand the color tree completely, use a value of 8.

`dither`  
A value other than zero distributes the difference between an original
image and the corresponding color reduced algorithm to neighboring
pixels along a Hilbert curve.

`measureError`  
A value other than zero measures the difference between the original and
quantized images. This difference is the total quantization error. The
error is computed by summing over all pixels in an image the distance
squared in RGB space between each reference pixel value and its
quantized value.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::quantizeimages
=======================

The quantizeimages purpose

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::quantizeimages</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$numColors`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$colorspace`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$treeDepth`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$dither`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$measureError`</span> )

Analyzes the colors within a sequence of images and chooses a fixed
number of colors to represent the image. The goal of the algorithm is to
minimize the color difference between the input and output image while
minimizing the processing time.

### 参数

`numColors`  
The number of colors.

`colorspace`  
Perform color reduction in this colorspace, typically RGBColorspace.

`treeDepth`  
Normally, this integer value is zero or one. A zero or one tells
Quantize to choose a optimal tree depth of Log4(number\_colors).% A tree
of this depth generally allows the best representation of the reference
image with the least amount of memory and the fastest computational
speed. In some cases, such as an image with low color dispersion (a few
number of colors), a value other than Log4(number\_colors) is required.
To expand the color tree completely, use a value of 8.

`dither`  
A value other than zero distributes the difference between an original
image and the corresponding color reduced algorithm to neighboring
pixels along a Hilbert curve.

`measureError`  
A value other than zero measures the difference between the original and
quantized images. This difference is the total quantization error. The
error is computed by summing over all pixels in an image the distance
squared in RGB space between each reference pixel value and its
quantized value.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::queryfontmetrics
=========================

Returns an array representing the font metrics

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::queryfontmetrics</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickDraw</span> `$draw`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$text`</span> )

MagickQueryFontMetrics() returns an array representing the font metrics.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::queryfonts
===================

Returns the configured fonts

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::queryfonts</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$pattern`<span
class="initializer"> = "\*"</span></span> \] )

Returns fonts supported by Gmagick.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::queryformats
=====================

Returns formats supported by Gmagick

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">array</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::queryformats</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$pattern`<span
class="initializer"> = "\*"</span></span> \] )

Returns formats supported by Gmagick.

### 参数

`pattern`  
Specifies a <span class="type">string</span> containing a pattern.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::radialblurimage
========================

Radial blurs an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::radialblurimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$angle`</span> \[,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`<span
class="initializer"> = Gmagick::CHANNEL\_DEFAULT</span></span> \] )

Radial blurs an image.

### 参数

`angle`  
The angle of the blur in degrees.

`channel`  
Related channel

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::raiseimage
===================

Creates a simulated 3d button-like effect

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::raiseimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$raise`</span>
)

Creates a simulated three-dimensional button-like effect by lightening
and darkening the edges of the image. Members width and height of
raise\_info define the width of the vertical and horizontal edge of the
effect.

### 参数

`width`  
Width of the area to raise.

`height`  
Height of the area to raise.

`x`  
X coordinate

`y`  
Y coordinate

`raise`  
A value other than zero creates a 3-D raise effect, otherwise it has a
lowered effect.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::read
=============

Reads image from filename

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::read</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
)

Reads image from filename.

### 参数

`filename`  
The image filename.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::readimage
==================

Reads image from filename

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::readimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
)

Reads image from filename.

### 参数

`filename`  
The image filename.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::readimageblob
======================

Reads image from a binary string

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::readimageblob</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$imageContents`</span> \[, <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span> \] )

Reads image from a binary string.

### 参数

`imageContents`  
Content of image

`filename`  
The image filename.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::readimagefile
======================

The readimagefile purpose

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::readimagefile</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">resource</span> `$fp`</span> \[,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$filename`</span> \] )

Reads an image or image sequence from an open file descriptor.

### 参数

`fp`  
The file descriptor.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::reducenoiseimage
=========================

Smooths the contours of an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::reducenoiseimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

Smooths the contours of an image while still preserving edge
information. The algorithm works by replacing each pixel with its
neighbor closest in value. A neighbor is defined by radius. Use a radius
of 0 and Gmagick::reduceNoiseImage() selects a suitable radius for you.

### 参数

`radius`  
The radius of the pixel neighborhood.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::removeimage
====================

Removes an image from the image list

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::removeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Removes an image from the image list.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::removeimageprofile
===========================

Removes the named image profile and returns it

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">string</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::removeimageprofile</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$name`</span> )

Removes the named image profile and returns it.

### 参数

`name`  
Name of profile to return: ICC, IPTC, or generic profile.

### 返回值

The named profile.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::resampleimage
======================

Resample image to desired resolution

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::resampleimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$xResolution`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$yResolution`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$filter`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$blur`</span>
)

Resample image to desired resolution.

### 参数

`xResolution`  
The new image x resolution.

`yResolution`  
The new image y resolution.

`filter`  
Image filter to use.

`blur`  
The blur factor where larger than 1 is blurry, smaller than 1 is sharp.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::resizeimage
====================

Scales an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::resizeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$filter`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$blur`</span> \[, <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$fit`<span
class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \] )

Scales an image to the desired dimensions with a filter.

### 参数

`width`  
The number of columns in the scaled image.

`height`  
The number of rows in the scaled image.

`filter`  
Image filter to use.

`blur`  
The blur factor where larger than 1 is blurry, lesser than 1 is sharp.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::rollimage
==================

Offsets an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::rollimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$y`</span> )

Offsets an image as defined by x and y.

### 参数

`x`  
The x offset.

`y`  
The y offset.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::rotateimage
====================

Rotates an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::rotateimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">mixed</span> `$color`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$degrees`</span> )

Rotates an image the specified number of degrees. Empty triangles left
over from rotating the image are filled with the background color.

### 参数

`color`  
The background pixel.

`degrees`  
The number of degrees to rotate the image.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::scaleimage
===================

Scales the size of an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::scaleimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
\[, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$fit`<span
class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \] )

Scales the size of an image to the given dimensions. The other parameter
will be calculated if 0 is passed as either param.

### 参数

`width`  
The number of columns in the scaled image.

`height`  
The number of rows in the scaled image.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::separateimagechannel
=============================

Separates a channel from the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::separateimagechannel</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`</span> )

Separates a channel from the image and returns a grayscale image. A
channel is a particular color component of each pixel in the image.

### 参数

`channel`  
Identify which channel to extract: RedChannel, GreenChannel,
BlueChannel, OpacityChannel, CyanChannel, MagentaChannel, YellowChannel,
BlackChannel.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setCompressionQuality
==============================

Sets the object's default compression quality

### 说明

<span class="type">Gmagick</span> <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::setCompressionQuality</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"> <span class="type">int</span> `$quality` <span
class="initializer"> = 75</span> </span> )

Sets the object's default compression quality.

### 参数

`quality`  

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

### 范例

**示例 \#1 <span
class="function">Gmagick::setCompressionQuality</span>**

``` php
<?php
$gm = new Gmagick();
$gm->read("magick:rose");
$gm->setCompressionQuality(2);
?>
```

Gmagick::setfilename
====================

Sets the filename before you read or write the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setfilename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
)

Sets the filename before you read or write an image file.

### 参数

`filename`  
The image filename.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagebackgroundcolor
================================

Sets the image background color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagebackgroundcolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickPixel</span>
`$color`</span> )

Sets the image background color.

### 参数

`color`  
The background pixel wand.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageblueprimary
============================

Sets the image chromaticity blue primary point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageblueprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

Sets the image chromaticity blue primary point.

### 参数

`x`  
The blue primary x-point.

`y`  
The blue primary y-point.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagebordercolor
============================

Sets the image border color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagebordercolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">GmagickPixel</span>
`$color`</span> )

Sets the image border color.

### 参数

`color`  
The border pixel wand.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagechanneldepth
=============================

Sets the depth of a particular image channel

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagechanneldepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$channel`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$depth`</span>
)

Sets the depth of a particular image channel.

### 参数

`channel`  
Identify which channel to extract: RedChannel, GreenChannel,
BlueChannel, OpacityChannel, CyanChannel, MagentaChannel, YellowChannel,
BlackChannel.

`depth`  
The image depth in bits.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagecolorspace
===========================

Sets the image colorspace

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagecolorspace</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$colorspace`</span> )

Sets the image colorspace.

### 参数

`colorspace`  
The image colorspace: UndefinedColorspace, RGBColorspace,
GRAYColorspace, TransparentColorspace, OHTAColorspace, XYZColorspace,
YCbCrColorspace, YCCColorspace, YIQColorspace, YPbPrColorspace,
YPbPrColorspace, YUVColorspace, CMYKColorspace, sRGBColorspace,
HSLColorspace, or HWBColorspace.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagecompose
========================

Sets the image composite operator

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagecompose</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$composite`</span> )

Sets the image composite operator.

### 参数

`composite`  
The image composite operator.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagedelay
======================

Sets the image delay

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagedelay</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$delay`</span> )

Sets the image delay

### 参数

`delay`  
The image delay in 1/100th of a second.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagedepth
======================

Sets the image depth

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagedepth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$depth`</span> )

Sets the image depth

### 参数

`depth`  
The image depth in bits: 8, 16, or 32.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagedispose
========================

Sets the image disposal method

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagedispose</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$disposeType`</span>
)

Sets the image disposal method.

### 参数

`disposeType`  
The image disposal type.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagefilename
=========================

Sets the filename of a particular image in a sequence

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagefilename</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
)

Sets the filename of a particular image in a sequence.

### 参数

`filename`  
The image filename.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageformat
=======================

Sets the format of a particular image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageformat</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$imageFormat`</span> )

Sets the format of a particular image in a sequence.

### 参数

`imageFormat`  
The image format.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagegamma
======================

Sets the image gamma

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagegamma</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$gamma`</span> )

Sets the image gamma.

### 参数

`gamma`  
The image gamma.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagegreenprimary
=============================

Sets the image chromaticity green primary point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagegreenprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

Sets the image chromaticity green primary point.

### 参数

`x`  
The chromaticity green primary x-point.

`y`  
The chromaticity green primary y-point.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageindex
======================

Set the iterator to the position in the image list specified with the
index parameter

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageindex</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$index`</span> )

Set the iterator to the position in the image list specified with the
index parameter.

### 参数

`index`  
The scene number.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageinterlacescheme
================================

Sets the interlace scheme of the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageinterlacescheme</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$interlace`</span> )

Sets the interlace scheme of the image.

### 参数

`interlace`  
The image interlace scheme: NoInterlace, LineInterlace, PlaneInterlace,
PartitionInterlace.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageiterations
===========================

Sets the image iterations

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageiterations</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$iterations`</span> )

Sets the image iterations.

### 参数

`iterations`  
The image delay in 1/100th of a second.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageprofile
========================

Adds a named profile to the Gmagick object

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageprofile</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$name`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$profile`</span> )

Adds a named profile to the Gmagick object. If a profile with the same
name already exists, it is replaced. This method differs from the
Gmagick::profileimage() method in that it does not apply any CMS color
profiles.

### 参数

`name`  
Name of profile to add or remove: ICC, IPTC, or generic profile.

`profile`  
The profile.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageredprimary
===========================

Sets the image chromaticity red primary point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageredprimary</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

Sets the image chromaticity red primary point.

### 参数

`x`  
The red primary x-point.

`y`  
The red primary y-point.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagerenderingintent
================================

Sets the image rendering intent

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagerenderingintent</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span>
`$rendering_intent`</span> )

Sets the image rendering intent.

### 参数

`rendering_intent`  
The image rendering intent: UndefinedIntent, SaturationIntent,
PerceptualIntent, AbsoluteIntent, or RelativeIntent.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageresolution
===========================

Sets the image resolution

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageresolution</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$xResolution`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$yResolution`</span> )

Sets the image resolution.

### 参数

`xResolution`  
The image x resolution.

`yResolution`  
The image y resolution.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagescene
======================

Sets the image scene

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagescene</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$scene`</span> )

Sets the image scene.

### 参数

`scene`  
The image scene number.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagetype
=====================

Sets the image type

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagetype</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$imgType`</span> )

Sets the image type.

### 参数

`imgType`  
The image type: UndefinedType, BilevelType, GrayscaleType,
GrayscaleMatteType, PaletteType, PaletteMatteType, TrueColorType,
TrueColorMatteType, ColorSeparationType, ColorSeparationMatteType, or
OptimizeType.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimageunits
======================

Sets the image units of resolution

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimageunits</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$resolution`</span> )

Sets the image units of resolution.

### 参数

`resolution`  
The image units of resolution : Undefinedresolution,
PixelsPerInchResolution, or PixelsPerCentimeterResolution.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setimagewhitepoint
===========================

Sets the image chromaticity white point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setimagewhitepoint</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

Sets the image chromaticity white point.

### 参数

`x`  
The white x-point.

`y`  
The white y-point.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setsamplingfactors
===========================

Sets the image sampling factors

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setsamplingfactors</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span> `$factors`</span> )

Sets the image sampling factors.

### 参数

`factors`  
An array of doubles representing the sampling factor for each color
component (in RGB order).

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::setsize
================

Sets the size of the Gmagick object

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::setsize</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$columns`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$rows`</span> )

Sets the size of the Gmagick object. Set it before you read a raw image
format such as RGB, GRAY, or CMYK.

### 参数

`columns`  
The width in pixels.

`rows`  
The height in pixels.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::shearimage
===================

Creating a parallelogram

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::shearimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">mixed</span> `$color`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$xShear`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$yShear`</span> )

Slides one edge of an image along the X or Y axis, creating a
parallelogram. An X direction shear slides an edge along the X axis,
while a Y direction shear slides an edge along the Y axis. The amount of
the shear is controlled by a shear angle. For X direction shears,
x\_shear is measured relative to the Y axis, and similarly, for Y
direction shears y\_shear is measured relative to the X axis. Empty
triangles left over from shearing the image are filled with the
background color.

### 参数

`color`  
The background pixel wand.

`xShear`  
The number of degrees to shear the image.

`yShear`  
The number of degrees to shear the image.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::solarizeimage
======================

Applies a solarizing effect to the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::solarizeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$threshold`</span> )

Applies a special effect to the image, similar to the effect achieved in
a photo darkroom by selectively exposing areas of photo sensitive paper
to light. Threshold ranges from 0 to QuantumRange and is a measure of
the extent of the solarization.

### 参数

`threshold`  
Define the extent of the solarization.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::spreadimage
====================

Randomly displaces each pixel in a block

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::spreadimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$radius`</span> )

Special effects method that randomly displaces each pixel in a block
defined by the radius parameter.

### 参数

`radius`  
Choose a random pixel in a neighborhood of this extent.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::stripimage
===================

Strips an image of all profiles and comments

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::stripimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Strips an image of all profiles and comments.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::swirlimage
===================

Swirls the pixels about the center of the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::swirlimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$degrees`</span> )

Swirls the pixels about the center of the image, where degrees indicates
the sweep of the arc through which each pixel is moved. You get a more
dramatic effect as the degrees move from 1 to 360.

### 参数

`degrees`  
Define the tightness of the swirling effect.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::thumbnailimage
=======================

Changes the size of an image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::thumbnailimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$width`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$height`</span>
\[, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$fit`<span
class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \] )

Changes the size of an image to the given dimensions and removes any
associated profiles. The goal is to produce small low cost thumbnail
images suited for display on the Web. If TRUE is given as a third
parameter then columns and rows parameters are used as maximums for each
side. Both sides will be scaled down until the match or are smaller than
the parameter given for the side.

### 参数

`width`  
Image width

`height`  
Image height

### 返回值

The Gmagick object on success.

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::trimimage
==================

Remove edges from the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::trimimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$fuzz`</span> )

Remove edges that are the background color from the image.

### 参数

`fuzz`  
By default target must match a particular pixel color exactly. However,
in many cases two colors may differ by a small amount. The fuzz member
of image defines how much tolerance is acceptable to consider two colors
as the same. This parameter represents the variation on the quantum
range.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

Gmagick::write
==============

别名 <span class="methodname">Gmagick::writeimage</span>

### 说明

此方法是该方法的别名： <span
class="methodname">Gmagick::writeimage</span>.

Gmagick::writeimage
===================

Writes an image to the specified filename

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">Gmagick</span>
<span class="methodname">Gmagick::writeimage</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$filename`</span>
\[, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$all_frames`<span class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \] )

Writes an image to the specified filename. If the filename parameter is
NULL, the image is written to the filename set by Gmagick::ReadImage()
or Gmagick::SetImageFilename().

### 参数

`filename`  
The image filename.

### 返回值

The Gmagick object

### 错误／异常

错误时抛出 <span class="classname">GmagickException</span>。

简介
----

类摘要
------

**GmagickDraw**

<span class="ooclass"> class **GmagickDraw** </span> {

/\* 方法 \*/

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">annotate</span>
( <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$text`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">arc</span> (
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sx`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sy`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ex`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ey`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sd`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ed`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">bezier</span> (
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span>
`$coordinate_array`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">ellipse</span>
( <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ox`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$oy`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$rx`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ry`</span>
, <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$start`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$end`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">getfillcolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">getfillopacity</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">getfont</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">getfontsize</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getfontstyle</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getfontweight</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">getstrokecolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">getstrokeopacity</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">getstrokewidth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">gettextdecoration</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">gettextencoding</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">line</span> (
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sx`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sy`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ex`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ey`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">point</span> (
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">polygon</span>
( <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span>
`$coordinates`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">polyline</span>
( <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span>
`$coordinate_array`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">rectangle</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$x1`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$y1`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$x2`</span> , <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$y2`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">rotate</span> (
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$degrees`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">roundrectangle</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x1`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y1`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x2`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y2`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$rx`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ry`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">scale</span> (
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">setfillcolor</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">mixed</span> `$color`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">setfillopacity</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$fill_opacity`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span class="methodname">setfont</span>
( <span class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span>
`$font`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">setfontsize</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">float</span> `$pointsize`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">setfontstyle</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">int</span> `$style`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">setfontweight</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$weight`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">setstrokecolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">mixed</span> `$color`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">setstrokeopacity</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$stroke_opacity`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">setstrokewidth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$width`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">settextdecoration</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$decoration`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">settextencoding</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$encoding`</span>
)

}

GmagickDraw::annotate
=====================

Draws text on the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::annotate</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$text`</span> )

Draws text on the image.

### 参数

`x`  
x ordinate to left of text

`y`  
y ordinate to text baseline

`text`  
text to draw

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success.

GmagickDraw::arc
================

Draws an arc

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::arc</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sx`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sy`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ex`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ey`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sd`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ed`</span> )

Draws an arc falling within a specified bounding rectangle on the image.

### 参数

`sx`  
starting x ordinate of bounding rectangle

`sy`  
starting y ordinate of bounding rectangle

`ex`  
ending x ordinate of bounding rectangle

`ey`  
ending y ordinate of bounding rectangle

`sd`  
starting degrees of rotation

`ed`  
ending degrees of rotation

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success.

GmagickDraw::bezier
===================

Draws a bezier curve

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::bezier</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span>
`$coordinate_array`</span> )

Draws a bezier curve through a set of points on the image.

### 参数

`coordinate_array`  
Coordinates array

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::ellipse
====================

Draws an ellipse on the image

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::ellipse</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ox`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$oy`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$rx`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ry`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$start`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$end`</span>
)

Draws an ellipse on the image.

### 参数

`ox`  
origin x ordinate

`oy`  
origin y ordinate

`rx`  
radius in x

`ry`  
radius in y

`start`  
starting rotation in degrees

`end`  
ending rotation in degrees

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::getfillcolor
=========================

Returns the fill color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getfillcolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the fill color used for drawing filled objects.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

The <span class="classname">GmagickPixel</span> fill color used for
drawing filled objects.

GmagickDraw::getfillopacity
===========================

Returns the opacity used when drawing

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getfillopacity</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the opacity used when drawing

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the opacity used when drawing using the fill color or fill
texture. Fully opaque is 1.0.

GmagickDraw::getfont
====================

Returns the font

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getfont</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns a string specifying the font used when annotating with text.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a string on success and **`FALSE`** if no font is set.

GmagickDraw::getfontsize
========================

Returns the font pointsize

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getfontsize</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the font pointsize used when annotating with text.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the font size associated with the current GmagickDraw object.

GmagickDraw::getfontstyle
=========================

Returns the font style

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getfontstyle</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the font style used when annotating with text.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the font style constant (STYLE\_) associated with the
GmagickDraw object or 0 if no style is set.

GmagickDraw::getfontweight
==========================

Returns the font weight

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getfontweight</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the font weight used when annotating with text.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns an int on success and 0 if no weight is set.

GmagickDraw::getstrokecolor
===========================

Returns the color used for stroking object outlines

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getstrokecolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the color used for stroking object outlines.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns an <span class="classname">GmagickPixel</span> object which
describes the color.

GmagickDraw::getstrokeopacity
=============================

Returns the opacity of stroked object outlines

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getstrokeopacity</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the opacity of stroked object outlines.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a double describing the opacity.

GmagickDraw::getstrokewidth
===========================

Returns the width of the stroke used to draw object outlines

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">GmagickDraw::getstrokewidth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the width of the stroke used to draw object outlines.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a double describing the stroke width.

GmagickDraw::gettextdecoration
==============================

Returns the text decoration

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::gettextdecoration</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the decoration applied when annotating with text.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns one of the DECORATION\_ constants and 0 if no decoration is set.

GmagickDraw::gettextencoding
============================

Returns the code set used for text annotations

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">GmagickDraw::gettextencoding</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns a string which specifies the code set used for text annotations.

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns a string specifying the code set or **`FALSE`** if text encoding
is not set.

GmagickDraw::line
=================

The line purpose

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::line</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sx`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$sy`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ex`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ey`</span> )

Draws a line on the image using the current stroke color, stroke
opacity, and stroke width.

### 参数

`sx`  
starting x ordinate

`sy`  
starting y ordinate

`ex`  
ending x ordinate

`ey`  
ending y ordinate

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::point
==================

Draws a point

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::point</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

Draws a point using the current stroke color and stroke thickness at the
specified coordinates.

### 参数

`x`  
target x coordinate

`y`  
target y coordinate

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::polygon
====================

Draws a polygon

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::polygon</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span>
`$coordinates`</span> )

Draws a polygon using the current stroke, stroke width, and fill color
or texture, using the specified array of coordinates.

### 参数

`coordinates`  
coordinate array

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::polyline
=====================

Draws a polyline

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::polyline</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">array</span>
`$coordinate_array`</span> )

Draws a polyline using the current stroke, stroke width, and fill color
or texture, using the specified array of coordinates.

### 参数

`coordinate_array`  
The array of coordinates

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::rectangle
======================

Draws a rectangle

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::rectangle</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x1`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y1`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x2`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y2`</span> )

Draws a rectangle given two coordinates and using the current stroke,
stroke width, and fill settings.

### 参数

`x1`  
x ordinate of first coordinate

`y1`  
y ordinate of first coordinate

`x2`  
x ordinate of second coordinate

`y2`  
y ordinate of second coordinate

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::rotate
===================

Applies the specified rotation to the current coordinate space

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::rotate</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$degrees`</span> )

Applies the specified rotation to the current coordinate space.

### 参数

`degrees`  
degrees of rotation

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::roundrectangle
===========================

Draws a rounded rectangle

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::roundrectangle</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x1`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y1`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x2`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y2`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$rx`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$ry`</span> )

Draws a rounded rectangle given two coordinates, x and y corner radiuses
and using the current stroke, stroke width, and fill settings.

### 参数

`x1`  
x ordinate of first coordinate

`y1`  
y ordinate of first coordinate

`x2`  
x ordinate of second coordinate

`y2`  
y ordinate of second coordinate

`rx`  
radius of corner in horizontal direction

`ry`  
radius of corner in vertical direction

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::scale
==================

Adjusts the scaling factor

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::scale</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$x`</span> , <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$y`</span> )

Adjusts the scaling factor to apply in the horizontal and vertical
directions to the current coordinate space.

### 参数

`x`  
horizontal scale factor

`y`  
vertical scale factor

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::setfillcolor
=========================

Sets the fill color to be used for drawing filled objects

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setfillcolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">mixed</span> `$color`</span> )

Sets the fill color to be used for drawing filled objects.

### 参数

`color`  
<span class="classname">GmagickPixel</span> or <span
class="type">string</span> indicating color to use for filling.

### 返回值

The <span class="classname">GmagickDraw</span> object on success.

GmagickDraw::setfillopacity
===========================

The setfillopacity purpose

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setfillopacity</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$fill_opacity`</span> )

Sets the opacity to use when drawing using the fill color or fill
texture. Setting it to 1.0 will make fill full opaque.

### 参数

`fill_opacity`  
Fill opacity

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::setfont
====================

Sets the fully-specified font to use when annotating with text

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setfont</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$font`</span> )

Sets the fully-specified font to use when annotating with text

### 参数

`font`  
font name

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::setfontsize
========================

Sets the font pointsize to use when annotating with text

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setfontsize</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$pointsize`</span>
)

Sets the font pointsize to use when annotating with text.

### 参数

`pointsize`  
Text pointsize

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::setfontstyle
=========================

Sets the font style to use when annotating with text

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setfontstyle</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$style`</span> )

Sets the font style to use when annotating with text. The AnyStyle
enumeration acts as a wild-card "don't care" option.

### 参数

`style`  
Font style (NormalStyle, ItalicStyle, ObliqueStyle, AnyStyle)

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::setfontweight
==========================

Sets the font weight

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setfontweight</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$weight`</span> )

Sets the font weight to use when annotating with text.

### 参数

`weight`  
Font weight (valid range 100-900)

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::setstrokecolor
===========================

Sets the color used for stroking object outlines

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setstrokecolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">mixed</span> `$color`</span> )

Sets the color used for stroking object outlines.

### 参数

`color`  
<span class="classname">GmagickPixel</span> or <span
class="type">string</span> representing the color for the stroke.

### 返回值

The <span class="classname">GmagickDraw</span> object on success.

GmagickDraw::setstrokeopacity
=============================

Specifies the opacity of stroked object outlines

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setstrokeopacity</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$stroke_opacity`</span> )

Specifies the opacity of stroked object outlines.

### 参数

`stroke_opacity`  
Stroke opacity. The value 1.0 is opaque.

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::setstrokewidth
===========================

Sets the width of the stroke used to draw object outlines

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::setstrokewidth</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span> `$width`</span> )

Sets the width of the stroke used to draw object outlines

### 参数

`width`  
Stroke width

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::settextdecoration
==============================

Specifies a decoration

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::settextdecoration</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$decoration`</span> )

Specifies a decoration to be applied when annotating with text.

### 参数

`int`  
Text decoration. One of NoDecoration, UnderlineDecoration,
OverlineDecoration, or LineThroughDecoration

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

GmagickDraw::settextencoding
============================

Specifies the text code set

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickDraw</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickDraw::settextencoding</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$encoding`</span>
)

Specifies the code set to use for text annotations. The only character
encoding which may be specified at this time is "UTF-8" for representing
Unicode as a sequence of bytes. Specify an empty string to set text
encoding to the system's default. Successful text annotation using
Unicode may require fonts designed to support Unicode.

### 参数

`encoding`  
Character string specifying text encoding

### 返回值

The GmagickDraw object on success

简介
----

类摘要
------

**GmagickPixel**

<span class="ooclass"> class **GmagickPixel** </span> {

/\* 方法 \*/

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="methodname">\_\_construct</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$color`</span> \]
)

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">getcolor</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$as_array`<span
class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \[, <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$normalize_array`<span class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span>
\]\] )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">getcolorcount</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">getcolorvalue</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$color`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">setcolor</span> ( <span class="methodparam"><span
class="type">string</span> `$color`</span> )

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">setcolorvalue</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$color`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$value`</span> )

}

GmagickPixel::\_\_construct
===========================

The GmagickPixel constructor

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickPixel::\_\_construct</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$color`</span> \]
)

Constructs an GmagickPixel object. If a color is specified, the object
is constructed and then initialised with that color before being
returned.

### 参数

`color`  
The optional color string to use as the initial value of this object.

### 返回值

The GmagickPixel object on success.

GmagickPixel::getcolor
======================

Returns the color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">mixed</span>
<span class="methodname">GmagickPixel::getcolor</span> (\[ <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span> `$as_array`<span
class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span> \[, <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">bool</span>
`$normalize_array`<span class="initializer"> = **`FALSE`**</span></span>
\]\] )

Returns the color described by the GmagickPixel object, as a <span
class="type">string</span> or an <span class="type">array</span>. If the
color has an opacity channel set, this is provided as a fourth value in
the list.

### 参数

`as_array`  
**`TRUE`** to indicate return of <span class="type">array</span> instead
of <span class="type">string</span>.

`normalize_array`  
**`TRUE`** to normalize the color values.

### 返回值

A <span class="type">string</span> or an <span class="type">array</span>
of channel values, each normalized if **`TRUE`** is given as
`normalize_array`. Throws <span
class="classname">GmagickPixelException</span> on error.

GmagickPixel::getcolorcount
===========================

Returns the color count associated with this color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">int</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickPixel::getcolorcount</span> ( <span
class="methodparam">void</span> )

Returns the color count associated with this color

### 参数

此函数没有参数。

### 返回值

Returns the color count as an integer on success, throws
GmagickPixelException on failure.

GmagickPixel::getcolorvalue
===========================

Gets the normalized value of the provided color channel

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span class="type">float</span>
<span class="methodname">GmagickPixel::getcolorvalue</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$color`</span> )

Retrieves the value of the color channel specified, as a floating-point
number between 0 and 1.

### 参数

`color`  
The channel to check, specified as one of the Gmagick channel constants.

### 返回值

The value of the channel, as a normalized floating-point number,
throwing GmagickPixelException on error.

GmagickPixel::setcolor
======================

Sets the color

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickPixel::setcolor</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">string</span> `$color`</span> )

Sets the color described by the GmagickPixel object, with a string (e.g.
"blue", "\#0000ff", "rgb(0,0,255)", "cmyk(100,100,100,10)", etc.).

### 参数

`color`  
The color definition to use in order to initialise the GmagickPixel
object.

### 返回值

The GmagickPixel object on success.

GmagickPixel::setcolorvalue
===========================

Sets the normalized value of one of the channels

### 说明

<span class="modifier">public</span> <span
class="type">GmagickPixel</span> <span
class="methodname">GmagickPixel::setcolorvalue</span> ( <span
class="methodparam"><span class="type">int</span> `$color`</span> ,
<span class="methodparam"><span class="type">float</span>
`$value`</span> )

Sets the value of the specified channel of this object to the provided
value, which should be between 0 and 1. This function can be used to
provide an opacity channel to a GmagickPixel object.

### 参数

`color`  
One of the Gmagick channel color constants.

`value`  
The value to set this channel to, ranging from 0 to 1.

### 返回值

The GmagickPixel object on success.
